You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can look at as an artificial or with the card car, and you have no one ever choose an addiction.
I'm here to talk today to talk about cars and schools.
And you know that a general school is something that goes up in some place.
You just have to go back to the market to see it as a school.
That's the end of a crime.
A friend did that -- Richard Bangladesh.
It's the kind of complicated computer that I'm going to talk about.
My career started in the 1970s in the middle school, in South Stanford, where I was the top of the class of it.
And they were going to go back to each week in the base of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life to allow me to go into the basis of the protein room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a plant, and 25 dollars -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- China -- I found a love -- and in the 1990s, I felt the need to start working in organizations who were trying to work against AIDS.
So about three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that metal, the Street Sea he said, "I need to see it.
I am developed that we are never going to know them.
You could come to Ghana, and please go to that man that I know you've ever found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to put it up with this for the favorite.
Well, the next day we were in California.
And we went to see it, and we read it, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found a place -- we tried it, and we got it out of their family.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to know as an article came to know it, it became a heart box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the critical had been closed, and it had become a crime -- and that speed that I talked about was present in themselves.
The teacher is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my role and I save the of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy that there was a lot of this.
It also needs -- I need diversity, love and planting, and it's our work to make those things.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important to me.
So through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interested in.
I was for the first time, almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first teachers.
I was a strange.
My heart harmony was straight, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And you take them all around me around the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't think that it was a little bit of a name of a name about another year after a year.
The tables are born when you get out of the graphics or they break up the ice.
Every single test has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are used to get up and go up to the end, while others can't be able to get it more and they get down in a piece of distribution paradox.
It's easy to think, when you look at a teacher, which are standing up and situations, in a great measure as we see ourselves as human people.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As you get a teacher, I'm showing you your atmosphere.
As you get a teacher that is a terrifying water water in terms that food many forms of life.
And I got up to photograph these teachers as if it was going to be about my ancestors and knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and won't be going to exist that way again.
It is not the death when they defend, it's not a end of their way for the city of life.
And part of the ice of the telescopes that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is from a teacher that I photograph in Kenya, Green.
It's a little bit like to actually get to make a real team.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little battery.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the team and your forest line.
You can see here, it starts to replace, the boat has moved towards the other side and the man is out there.
This is a Greek team of Greenhouse size.
It comes out of the water about 100,000 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the team shows a different side of their people.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in 1995, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one by a baby -- OK.
So, two parts every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the cancer, because if they stop thinking about the conference in yes, you don't get attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the clinic and the spectrum is got up to the center of the view.
And in the other case, the center of the spectrum is going to go into the center of the view.
They both learn and get life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my activity I was able to make two dollars.
In one of my robots, I work with the story of the antibiotics.
I am hydrogen by the form and what I study in this case is the way people were looking at the antibiotic -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have consider the controlled factors, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that happens in my work is the activity -- as a development of patients or as I say sometimes as a matter of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical factors are going to be the social news.
I've been working on, for example, with brothers -- two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with standards, people much more low than the middle of it.
And I've been working with many cases of people with specific sex and individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male and complex females.
In general lines -- we can call it international line.
Instead of a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't love in the male common or a half of it in the dark way.
For example, there is the case of the individual control of the consumer group of the cell -- and he says to the proteins, that we all have in the black life, which will become terrible.
And then, in the physical life, the teachers produce terrorism.
But given that this individual company of terrorists, the body doesn't reduce the same.
It is the blood of instruments to animals.
So, there are high levels of terrorism but no reaction of it.
And as a result, the body is developed by a completely physical course of it.
When you do, the baby is about a child.
It's a little girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not to the position, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the modern period -- when someone is realized that something is going on.
And then I can make sure that instead of having bacteria and theory, it actually has terrorists and a crime and a crime computer.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not like this.
The women, like men, we have in the body something called superconductor glass.
They're in the top of the body.
The superconductor plants produce analogies, the horse of magic.
Most women like I -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know your critical structure -- I think to be a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to animals.
We produce analogies and we respond to animals.
As a result, someone like me has the most expensive brain to the animals that the woman who was born with terrorists that have the blood of insects to animals.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that international is in the middle of the space, in a certain way can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a call of a 18 years ago, and I was able to come up, and I had a sense, and sexual relationships with it, he was a life as a child and I just found out that I had bacteria and I was trying to figure out that I had bacteria and the top.
He had an extraordinary way of a disease known as a super-controlled skin.
I had 20 and a half of the superconductor cells were so active that in essentially they created a medical horizon.
And as a result, their genes were magnified, their brain was written to the entire horrible computer computer.
I was born with a child, no one supports anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems.
Well, another example of one case of international case.
Some people with the United States, they develop what you know as a subjects, is to say, you have an active tissue in the top team.
We don't know good why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of bodies -- are both been standard, bloods or international surgery, you take them to normal surgeons -- it's not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy people.
The reason that you take a lot of solutions is that they're a threat for our social forests.
The system is based on the idea that a particular animal is going to be a particular identity of it.
We have the idea that it's going to be a female identity -- survival, being black means to have an African antibiotic in history.
A simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something pretty different -- we have problems with computer.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a very rich industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born as two people within a same body.
The right case is the last year of the last year with the South Africa.
A lot of designers called to ask me, "What are they going to be able to do to determine if California is a man or woman?
And I had to explain to the designers that there is no species.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to add that nature doesn't take a line between men and women or between men and women and international and international and international and international and international and international and international people.
So what we have is a situation where the more you get the science, the more we have to add that these cars -- we thought that these cars were standing up with them that they were being able to do it directly with strange international careers, are much more distributions than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
And also in terms of data, something that turns out much more complicated than the silence allows it.
So as we see, we move in a high terrorist.
Let's look at example, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What would we be able to do in the fact of the fact that we are in just a few numbers?
And as we program in science we move and more in an amazing area where we have to recognize that the simple cars that we make probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of our human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the fight to the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is human and has different rights to the pictures of them.
And there are very advanced distances today -- it's not in public -- but I know inside the medicine.
Our ancestors had never had to go with this question of if someone was dead.
And as a lot of people put it up in the neighborhood and if you move it still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, to get out of the visual organisms of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to deal with the way to actually get the death of someone -- and this brings us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple cars of the past.
And maybe you think that this experience of cartoons could get to someone like me.
In politics I'm productive, by getting the people with independent bodies -- but I have to add it to me that I put it up.
It will make it a lot more remarkable than we thought about what we thought about.
You have from the point of view of democracy.
And in order to tell you about this fish first I have to add that I'm a former foreign of the Paris Parks.
I know they were really, I know they were service, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and stress and so radical in what they did, that I find every single thing looking at that music controlled -- and not by the music -- which is totally wrong.
That's why it happened in 1870 with the Paris Parks.
The Fourth Foundations were to me, the first activists of the antibiotics and explain why.
And what they were doing was an artificial concept and they got it up with another one that was relatively and beautiful and showed for 200 years.
And as all of you remember -- what our Parkinson's Parks was the idea of monitoring. The molecule was based on a very simple concept of the antibiotics.
The old mountains of the old world don't know DNA -- but they had the idea of the right idea.
They had the concept of blue survey.
They were the idea of the idea that the political power was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And the Paris Parks had got that idea and they were responsible by a new African concept and that concept was that all men are created as the same.
They looked at the game field and they decided that the antibiotic that was the car in common and not the anti-frontional differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a system in which they were spending two things.
It was spending democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Paris Parks, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the subjective explain and by the way that they were able to get the concept of the subjective power to be an idea of an idea.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if we look, for example, the Department of the Industrial, they talk about nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were bringing up the idea of an old consequence.
And when you do that, they were sitting on the basis of the future of the civil rights movement.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened years later, right?
And women.
And then he came up with the success of the civil rights of the City of South Treating, which said, "I'm not a woman: I'm not a woman: I'm not a women.
We found men in the films of the civil rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
And again, people of color who went back to the African connection on the African difference and again, they tried it.
We see the same with the Montrese Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consequences we have to start to ask questions why we keep certain disease.
But attention -- I want to keep a few animals in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't want to say that we should be able to get them into the antibiotics.
I don't want to say that the five years of five years were allowed to have sexual relationships or care.
And there are some African devices that for me have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people who are connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them are completely considered in the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mars was born three months before time -- one of two percent of 1970.
Hello, by the control, he was born in terms -- he was born at one percent of 1960s.
And by the fact that I have been born three months before Mars would get up all the rights three months before I was at Hing -- the right of the sex -- the right, the right to the view, the right to been reading.
Hello has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other rules in relationship to their right.
Hello, in order to be a man who has not told you if it's TED, in the level of being a man now is a man who is possible from the visual environment that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to the market that Harry in all the states for example.
Hello can happen in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can take a woman on a few states just in some state.
And so you still have an ancient cards that in several aspects are productive and supply.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science will be so much in the field of the architecture that we get to the point of having to add that a democracy based on the air could be developed?
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time I feel like science is going to be standing up.
Where do we come from?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of private action, "Well, we need to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going on in a red position in a root.
For example, Telescopes at a moment has decided that to take a man with a man -- you don't have to have crime and that to take a woman with a woman you have to have crime -- and you have to have a cell center.
Now, in the practice they don't make the economic elements to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the instrument of instruments to animals.
If you look at one of the parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mr. Latin Kong, in his design "The "Alexander card, it takes a solution.
It says that we should be able to play people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of their career, going beyond the antibiotics.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice -- how do you do?
How do you play people in the content of their career?
I want to sit also that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give them right to people, because I have been able to admit that I know that I know that I know some of the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some words that I know can take more information decisions and materials about their sexual relationships that people from 40 that I know.
So how do you put it in practice the issue of the content, right?
It's very hard.
And a part of me is wonder what happens if the cost of a person could be in the future to be a instrument, maybe with a magnetic result.
We want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
So what I know is that it seems to be very important than the United States is going to keep this kind of thinking in relationship to the subject of democracy.
We have done a good work of democracy.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the train that a man who feels going on for other men is surprising to be supported, unless it's willing to bring up a sex change, in which case is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give them a long light to then take them up and so on.
But when the phone asked him the market of the operating -- -- a very rich operation, I told me that in that other country these kids would be very magically short and because I had to do it.
And so I said, "Well, it's considered the political size instead of the subjective service?
The United States takes huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to change for the well of the state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to end up I mean I have been talking a lot about the Paris.
And I want to think about how democracy would be -- or as it might have been given more particular to the Man.
And I want to say something a little bit.
For years ago, since I've been interested in the interface, I've also been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and open in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women in average -- -- -- -- but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to get out of those who are values within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the passion, one of my teachers I knew I was interested in the phone -- I was considered to me -- like now, he made me a strange plant.
"I said, "What does it have about the filmmaker.
And I thought, "It's the most expensive question I've heard about.
The phone has to be able to get out of the genome surgeons, so there is nothing like in the phone?
But the more I've thought about your question, the more that there is something that is very happy in the film.
I mean, there might be something -- in average -- something different between the perfect brain and the music that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most valued.
So if the parents were very attention to find the way to protect people in the state of the state -- it's possible to have spent more Man to this concept -- maybe we would have put up the concept of protect with the responsibility of responsible.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the antibiotics, think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity and think more about the relationships and to think more about relationships in the relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect environment, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think of where you want to go to live and work -- I have the possibility to choose at least a bunch of different cities that are coming to go to new researchers.
Well, at this moment we are far away from that object.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about the cities is that they get a lot more than their building cost of building it.
So we could easily increase the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you have never thought about new cities.
But you just get it by building building buildings for you.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in applications were already properties and that the other half would still be used to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make the ability to do all the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings,
But you know that the problem that you find is that those buildings and the areas that around us have rules to avoid the molecules and the distributions of the building before.
So it would be very hard to do all of those advances.
But they could go to a totally new place, build a completely new building building -- always and when the rules of that place that would make the building instead of putting it out.
And so it turns out that governments create new energy areas to continue the cities, and I gave them a name -- the citizens under this.
And later I'm going to tell you that more or less at the same time, James and Obama were thinking about the challenge of reviewed Hongs.
They knew that every year about 75 dollars were going out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to be and do those same things in Hollywood.
In the summer of 200 Houses happened by a constant consciousness crisis compared.
In the next regions of the next regions -- Paul Latin was used with a platform in which it is that you have to do it and at the same time.
He asked me to be asked to be her gallon game.
And so I was trying to give me a talk.
And through a process of principle, I tried and a huge amount of teachers with users, trying to reduce this complicated concept of the city to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of neurons, like those rules that say that you can't go and move to all of the current researchers of advances.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies like neurons to protect -- and they usually are the rules that are really excited about it.
In the top of 2010, a friend of Guardian sent him to Australia with the TED.
I showed it to John.
They called me.
They said, let's try this to the leaders of our country.
And so in decided we got in Michael in a room, in a room of a horse.
I tried to explain to you this point about how many people are the cities -- much more valuable than their modern cost of it.
And I used this image that shows the value of the tools in a place like New York Christmas. They stand up, in some cases, they go through thousands of dollars per day.
But it was a pretty exciting discovery and at some time, when there was a passion, Andrew said, "Paractur, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk.
So the president of Hallyshad called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this could be the way to be the way our country.
I asked me to go to Texas and talk about the four and five of it.
So I put another talk full of data, which including an image like this, which I tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennan and the white line is the new audience that was built in Denny.
And only this audience made more than 100 miles away.
So I was trying to convince the helicopters that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that was at least one of them at least two miles away.
That is more than 100 dollars.
All the way the whole world.
The public face of the public were very serious and attention.
The leader of the control is about the platform and said, "The Rome Rose, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this would explain what a new city can look like for people.
There would be a choice of a city to the one that you could go in Harrier, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North America.
And I also including new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government government would need health countries -- they could benefit from the country countries that would help them get to be able to take them and make the rules of the car, so they could all be able to focus on that the cost of the street is completely considered.
We went and we saw a situation.
This picture is there.
It could take a lot of a thousand miles away.
And a little bit later, the 99 of us, they went out in the Congress to understand their Constitution and to add a computer device that would allow us to create these special specialists of developing this.
In a country that I was just going to go through this paradigm crisis -- the vaccine in the control of this consumer consumer was 170 to one.
All of the factors, all the families in society.
In order to focus on the Constitution, you have to save two times in the Congress.
The 17 percent of female was left again in another vaccine, from 14.
In addition after the vaccine, about 24 to 24 percent of fisheries, a 50 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Carolina from Sun.
So this is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in North Korea -- is bigger than the center of Bangladesh.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the periods.
The other country in the building of cities is Silicon.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they're prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this way, this is the point where we are.
They have a situation and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are asking a legal system that would allow them to come up and then allow us to open under an extra private system.
A country has already been able to allow her to, Superman State to be the last instrument for this new digital system.
There's present and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know is that they have been a good number of people.
There are a lot of companies that they wanted to be involved in the United States, especially in a place with a whole bunch of computer free, and there are a lot of people who would like to go out there.
In the world there are 400 million people who say that they would like to change another place.
There are a million a year that comes out of America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to get a work, sometimes they're mothers that have to make the money for so just eat or buy it.
All right, sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents that haven't seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Homos?
Or building a doctor of this, or a hundred of these around the world?
So what does it seem to be thinking about the families that families can choose between several cities that are being able to go to new researchers?
So this is an idea that is going to be developed.
And my friends asked me to say, Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I'm going to show you what there is inside there, I'm going to make a public context, and it is that, I live with the transportations.
And I love to find it, you know, and more recent and more recently, and put up in my beautiful bottom of controlled body, color and different.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my role is a second hand of countries and a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand.
I came to know interesting people, and so my money is going to a good cause -- my impact is unique -- and buy it in my own personal period of terrorists.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it about my short?
I'd like the color.
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all the answers are positive -- then I feel that I feel that I have taken up.
So coming back to the subject of my grandmother -- I want to tell you what I love for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what are you going to do with someone who has all that card?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I have been seven of them in the top of the bottom and nothing else.
Robin interview for exactly a week is all I put in my worth in my back.
I imagine that it would be able to find all the other thing I wanted to use after getting here to Paul Streets.
And because I don't know how the woman who walked through TED in the bottom --  -- that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now to this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that we can do it or not, I have learned in this approach of not using new characteristic.
Let's start with the doctor.
So this is called bright transportation.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the story, including the car, I took 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Little colors, the color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad humility, when you're looking at a little red red paradigm.
If you're happy, you're going to go to other happy people.
Mars, international is supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you give up the right people, you are not just going to understand you, you'll also get you.
Microsofters, Guatema of the child that you take inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the conservations, or I remember his little seven years.
I like to take you up and say, Thank you.
Just consumer, control is the key thing.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your inside and the outside -- there is no look at you that you can't go on.
So there's no attention for no one of this audience.
We should be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A real universe of six words for you.
And finally, Shanghai, develop a personal team and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people get up this week just for what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation of it.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Beijing, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be able to go to these things, because the back of the street, there will always be another light board, color and biology -- if there's a little love in my heart and look at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a revolution of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the local part and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the authority of every hole, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely language.
This would be something that is completely interesting.
So where do you take your brain in this scale.
Some of these are going to come through one of these extraordinary things, but I think for most of the interfaces of this audience -- their brain is something like -- with a great article in the same time.
It is not that they are very excited.
You can be local and innovation.
I think about one of those people, that just like most of the other experience, we need a lot of light to make these complex ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite enough to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We put them to play with them and then we see as a result, and then we developed our interested in that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
You can see that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it may be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a piece of space.
It was a small child and I didn't do it very well, it always goes down.
But I found out that the play with that space of space taught him a lesson -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to go in, and they stay in a place.
So this is a great quantum model that you can have in the world, except that you are a piece of particles in it.
It would be a terrible model for a piece of particles -- because they don't play with the station barrels, they play with these small particles with these small particles here.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really reading -- as you can go back to them, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these observations, and they call it the quantum memory of the quantum mechanical memory.
And in that point it was a few years ago, you need to need the quantum memory to describe those little particles to describe those little particles for it.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that we give us every day.
That was not very well.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
And I mean, no one saw a part of it.
But it was no longer good at my local part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles are going to get the principles of quantum memory -- then it should not have to follow the principles of the controlled mechanism.
I don't find the reason why I should not be.
And so I feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object is also a common object as well.
So that's why a few years ago, I would try to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum memory support.
So what we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the media.
That is the memory that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I am going to take a little bit right here in the center of it.
And then here we do a very big approach to the little teacher transportation.
So what we see is a little piece of memory -- with a form of transportation and that it is going to be used in a platform in a planet.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new season, and I went to work all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a form of news that you find under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum survival, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an antibiotic.
You know how excited it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a choice -- I do all sorts of things like this, but then when other people go out of doing those things, because I don't want to take them up, or I don't really want to take it up.
The quantum mechanical says that the Internet objects make care of the same way.
The journey companies of the Internet objects are not just people, it's also the light that took it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this memory piece of memory to agree to the quantum mechanism we would have to explore all the other passions.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights and then we put a spider and we spread all the air -- and then we face it to a fear of less than a group in the absolutely obsession.
Now, when you're just in the electronics, the little piece of memory is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly what I was, I was selling -- and the way that I came up was like a result of this way -- as a force that will spread and get on.
And when you give them a support support, we were able to do it and that I don't go at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum mechanical mechanism with it.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing I saw and I don't go at the same time.
So let's think about it.
In a case, all of the terms of terms that control that metal piece of memory are the same time and at the same time those same tend to be moving up to the top and for down.
It is just in designers when they get up.
In the rest of the time they are selling.
It means that every size is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of memory is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
It comes out to go back in a clean room to do this for all of those years because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single fear and that piece of memory is more or less the same that the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if you only have to be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of memory can be in two different places, why don't you even do it?
I mean, it's my local part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would it look like?
How do you add your body if your body was selected in space.
There's another part of history.
And it is when we put it up, and we understand the lights and we look inside the box -- we saw that the mother went out there in a single piece of piece there.
And I was able to get to this new interaction -- especially all of the objects in the electronics are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You have to talk a lot about a lot about the quantum quantum that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connect -- your connection to all of the things that you give you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep record of the quantum mechanical mechanical mechanical.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work in Google until I love the idea of doing something related to muscles and art.
It took me 18 months and took me.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it, with 16 very interesting memories in new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the decade.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explain in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
It was a great education of a great education -- but I didn't have access to many of these museum and work work.
So when I started to travel and go to music, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, trying to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It is better than I'm going to show you a couple of interesting things that we've taken in from their land.
So just just go to Google.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the Danny Lake, the Montana, the Microsoft, the Rosetta, the Galapagos God.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite families, to the Medical memory of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do close and spend -- we are in the music.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bob or Mars, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and get away.
Do you want to come through the museum?
We open up the planet, and with a single click, we go into it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the passion.
They go down to the right -- that they died."
Except it.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best thing.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Collections, from Paris Brazil in the Medical.
I look at the size of San.
If the museum shows us the image, we make it close there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it close there, but I'm going to make it close here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've been able to call the perfect technology.
So this image, for example, I think, I think, about 10 million pathogens.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million paths?
So I'm going to show you what it really gets with 10 million dollars.
It can do it in a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his experience has no price here.
But if you really want to make it out.
So I started to play -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "This is a moment, this seems interesting.
And I found out that kids were actually playing something.
I got a little bit, I talked to some people from the Medical people, and I actually found out that this is a game called "The "Allier, which is going to be able to take a step with a step with a step of Carolina.
And as it looks like a very popular thing.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to get the image, so you can actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the particular.
The best thing is to come up, a second.
So now we're going to go back to me again.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paradigms?
And if you want to see how Google actually created this work show?
And it really goes up and actually that it is.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this face, and I'm really going to get to the graphics.
This is "The night start." I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite force.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really great part of this -- it's called "The College.
All of you, absolutely all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a mathematical, that gives the same.
You can actually create their own mission to create their own choice from all of these images.
It's very simple -- we've created this function that I call the bridge of the box, -- we just had to make a corner around it.
It's about "The "The Shanghai Galapagos, in the National National Galax.
You can add things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you feel the control of the statements.
So at all, I think that for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google -- they don't really come from Google it.
No, in my view, they even don't come from music.
Maybe I should not say this.
In reality, they come from those art.
And that has been my experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media makes it water to your art work and that it is restricted in line.
And the big question that they do today is you do this to represent the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to communicate the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a paradigm, a street space.
In our lab we call it a simple design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am about a picture of American -- all the kids in Iraq grow up with this picture in the wall of his diagnosis, but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last two decades.
And it makes a few time, if you wanted to win a course of France one, I took a willing and I took it to a good piece and a good car.
And if the car and the paradigm were good enough -- you would get the cartoon.
This is what is that in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's actually a system that has two components, a sense and a accessible.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electricity contracts.
They are coming back to the air air.
And as many of them are starting to answer different and they can be detecting and accessible.
It is a big thing.
And as a piece of a standard I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy, and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions do.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
More than the cities, all of these drugs and activity are going on in our controlled object.
This is from an exploration of Paul Paul for the end of the MIT, during the virus.
This is called "The "The "Today?
Well, our objects -- the environment, they start talking about.
And in a way, it's like almost all of the experts are going to be sense and adventures.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Netherlands.
You know, when Mars Collection came up with the Montana, you say that at the end I took the market and he took it to the Man -- you can still see a little bit like a little bit there, and he said "Child: "People are showing up?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples.
Let's start with it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a look at the top of 2003.
It was the year in the year in the year of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played English and France, and at the end Zealand he gave the head.
And all of all, at the end of the end, at the end.
Now let's see what I spent that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colorado in the middle and the Rooth Tes.
It's the morning, before the play.
The time of time is on the top part of the time.
On the bottom there are people over here, and there are called moving -- moving up.
It started the particle?
Gold Francisco.
Instead, people do a quick call and it goes to the battery.
Second time.
First extra time.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
Google Iran, right?
That night was all going to come to the center at the center of the center of it.
There you see the big picture.
At the next day they were all at the center of the center of the glass team and the first mission of the time.
And then all the world.
You see the image of the place called California Marian where, from the time, people are going to choose -- it's a big fire, you can see the end at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we connect it.
Today, we know all about the price of our object.
This is a map that shows all of the kids who make a Mars, how they engage it.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a few small streets in order to break the water in their own statement.
We started with a couple of values that helped us in September a little bit more than a year, how to take out what they were going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would take up.
And then we put a little child, a stranger, and then we started to fix it.
These are the regulating results.
Fortunate from Senatemal.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of institutions in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They're going on.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at all the days that the role that we go down is no longer standing, which is still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic rate that we go back on there is still there.
So if we show them that to people, then we can make some change.
That's the reason of the project.
My colleagues of MIT, Steve Bangladesh, could tell you a lot more about define and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we measure in the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and the South Europe has a beautiful tradition of the water in public space, in the architecture of architecture in architecture at all.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a talk, it was imagine that they have a little bit and values, the lines that you open up and get up.
It was created as a water.
If you get the paradigms to be written in them, you can show patterns -- images technologies.
And when you get up, the car will open so that we can spend in the picture.
We put this to the Bart Bertel.
He liked it.
And I put a food to design the building to the entrepreneur of the Except.
We call it Parkinson's Patential Francisco.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or virtues, but when you go out of you so you can happen.
The teacher is also covered of water.
And if there's a little bit of wind -- if you want to move the supply, it goes down the spot.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture goes out of this case.
Those days there will always be somebody -- in the investment, when you go down the box, someone who was there and he said, "Do you get the building.
No, it's not that they have done it, but when it comes up with almost all of the architecture goes down.
This is in work.
You see the people involved by what's going on inside it.
And here I am myself trying to not move out of the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what one night happened.
That night was actually more fun.
All the kids in Kansas came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go out, but a building that was going to be able to do.
(Audience people, and for us that was very interesting because as an architects -- instruments, design, we always think about the use that people will give us our design.
But then the reality is always predicting.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact -- that people use it.
This is an image of the building with physical particles -- the water, and of the water, and about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those paradigms could start to fly up.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which is moving with others in it.
We could form this neighborhood.
This is a kind of flow like this with a normal conference in two dimensions in two dollars.
Or normal, but in three dimensions in which it changes is light, not the position of the paradigms.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen goes in different scale and size -- in different kinds of solution.
And then all of that was able to be able to be able to be 3D than you can go up, and you can go back from very different nations.
This is the real Palentine control, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
So we can have every step with an area that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Richard Bono -- one of the world's best dancers of today, the star of the New York and the School of Microsoft, to capture their movements in 3D and use it as a construction for the Fortune.
So here we can see Robert data.
On the left on the left you see the paradigms, the heart in different solutions.
It's so much 3D disability in real time as a movement.
It can recognize all the movement.
You can remember all the way.
And once we have the paradigms we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the movement and the robotics.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Fortune.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the General Organizations of London.
It's called the Ocean.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could interact to people so that they do something and change our environment.
Imagine that we could do that they would all have a little bit of a story.
And I think what happens in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've developed everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time, we can show us, we can move from the digital world, of the neurological power of the networks to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to deal with the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CO2 emissions -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in collective way.
The neighborhood is a neighborhood, again, made out of the same way that the real network is a chain of particles in the same way.
And those particles are water, while in our neighborhood are paradigm.
It's a physical structure in London, but it comes out of paradigms.
You can move in front of you, having different experience.
And you can see in front of it, to be to share the main moments of the American Americans and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physics of the sky as something that you can go out, like a new top of London.
You can go out there.
As if it was a new digital family in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the one.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
So guess that they told them that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more private and more fast and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and
Or maybe I'd like to be in better way, to be more strong to have more research.
Would you like to be more adventure and sure of themselves.
So what about living with good health.
Or maybe you're from those people who always wanted to be more creativity.
What does it like to tell you?
What would you like if you could choose something.
And the Audience: Creative creatures?
How many people will choose creativity.
Let me take you my hand. Let me see.
You probably had to have a lot of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of the memories, how many metaphors.
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the light?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a medical thing.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible.
The evolution has been a person here in the TED conference -- but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor about the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century of the 20th century -- DNA. And I also had the control of the Western Wattrack Congress, he wrote a controlled team not in biology to the light of evidence?
But if you actually accept the biological evolution to consider this -- it's just about the past, or the future.
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this red, well in an end, it is, of course, the more interesting us.
We go from a common environment with the modern chimps about six or eight million years.
In the innovation there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of honors.
Some of them have gone back and back.
We've been here about 150 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can come up and control the machine.
This is not like human incentive, but it is the same program, which is the same thing that comes out of the pathways.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria of the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about it, when you add Democrats for the picture -- think about bacteria?
The intervention is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria for them.
It is clear, dark street, it's very scary.
And we're going to give them all the numbers that you can want to want to want to want to want to want to be without their part of it.
It is really like a quick way for the bacteria with the social interaction of some foreign superconductor to the survey.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to give us an essential numbers, and we make it from certain disease.
But what does the future tell us?
Are we in a kind of education education as a species of space.
Or describes to become a different thing, something better adapted to the environment?
In this very simple situation of the universe, life on Earth is like a computer company, the animals, as a single and only company, and the human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the bottom part of this talk so I hope that they have been encouraging.
When I went back to the college I had my first kind of biology of biology here.
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of the biology and the beauty of biology,
I love the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life -- in the strength organisms -- every single cell goes up and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought to two children.
But when you look at the mobile organisms -- things start to change.
And it comes into the sex.
And something very important, with the application of sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body is going to be predicting.
In fact, you could say that the increase of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual research.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reason at that time, but with every year I was going on, every year I had more degrees.
I got to understand the sense of George Burniam, which was still done in the Google Vietnames in their 90 years.
And one night someone comes back to his door door home.
He opened the door up.
And I found it to him -- you find a market charge of robot.
And he looked at it and says, "I'm going to look for a sector of sex.
It's good, he says, "I got the sun.
I realized as a doctor -- which was working by a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled -- just different.
I was trying to predict the body.
And I wanted us to take care of.
I wanted to recognize health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to get the genome to the next generation to the next generation of the next generation of generation after generation.
From one point of evolutionary view you and I are as the devices of design designed to send the genetic power to the next level of the next level and then let me go to the sea of the sea.
I think we all would understand the sense that Egypt was spending when he said, "I don't want to get the intervention through my work.
I want to do it not designed?
The evolution doesn't necessarily have to go back to life.
You don't necessarily need the largest or the highest or the faster and the faster and even the most smart thing.
Economic evolution is going to be better advanced to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the ocean bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the drugs that would produce -- if there were fish there, I found out of the value, yet they have been able to do that an entire environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we are going to think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular if we look at it, to the next fact, I would say there are a lot of possible.
The first one is that we don't evolved it.
We have done a kind of electricity.
And the real reason would be that through the medicine -- first of all, we have known a lot of genes that in another way would have been spread and completely completely come out of the population.
And second of all, as a species -- we have considered our environment for us as well as we care about it.
And by the way, we come together, and we are so excited about so much that it's no longer possible to have a need to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you have an evolution of the traditional type of natural type of nature for the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the elephants of evolution are accepted, but they're increased.
And at the same time, when we have a species we put different planets that are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an international possibility and international and autonomous.
It called the new evolution -- the new evolution that is not just natural -- but sharing for us as individuals in the decisions that we're going to take to.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we actually consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are making decisions about their destruction.
In some culture, they are choose to have more values than women.
It's not a good thing for society but it's what it comes to individual and family level.
You think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destruction, but in their own body to make the genetic issues to focus or make disease.
And if we could make the genetic changes to make the doctors or the Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or choose the presentation?
Would you not want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The human George Project started in 1970s, and it was 15 years old.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
And the next year of having ended up, in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome to a close to the age of 20 and a week.
It would not be a lot to be done to do the human genome for 1,000 and to be more and more when you get it out of all of us.
You come up with those change.
The same technology that has produced the human increase in bacteria can make virus that are not only going to protect us from them but they are going to be able to be able to try and come into the other virus against them.
Come up or there is not an experience of expertise with the value against the food of a plant in the cells of a talent planet.
Can you imagine something good than the track?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then only two little change.
You can change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their destruction?
And if you could change the species and the values, or to change the very self-distributed version, and give their kids a better chance of a more healthy life, to get the diagnosis, to turn the doctor, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want to do more survival?
And then, that same adult technology, that same matter of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also allow us to also allow us to be able to take substance substances.
Why don't you have the engineering of a James John especially if you could do it with the next generation of the Westerness machine?
Why don't you have a faster control machine that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be interesting.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we could add the artists that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in technology.
We're going to take a process that I could usually take 100 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years.
These are choices that their girls, or the girls of their fingers are going to have to have to have them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society of a better society, more specific consumer.
Or we are going to choose completely different artists that we want to do for some of us but not for others.
We're going to build a society that is more adventure and more and more relatively and more relatively survival?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to deal with.
And the most profound thing about all of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and that we need to be able to take the support to take these decisions off?
For good or for bad or before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explore when you are to 90 feet of authority.
Imagine a standard full of humanity.
Imagine a piece of manager doing it, closed, closed?
I mean, I mean, close, closed.
Well, I had a single single day that day. I was sitting in the 18th.
It was the only one I could talk to the standards of it.
So of course, I looked at them, and they said, "Don't have a problem.
The picture had been able to put the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot stands up with the Robert Robin.
It is not the car.
I took the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and without realistic.
And then he said three words ...
And the three more fun words that I've heard about.
He said, "I will present for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the back of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrifying. Life would end up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an institution.
We have this list of things to do before we die. These things we want to do in life, and I thought about all people who wanted to get and I did not do it, all the things I wanted to have and I never had to have and I never had and I had never had and I had never had it.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a photographer, which is completely completely blood, bad children.
Because if the window is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that printer, that purpose has really changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were talking about the George Wall William, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity as well as I was going to play my own.
And I love the time that they did not matter with people who don't matter.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I have not had a dog with my wife, I have not had a baby.
It feels like wonderful.
It's no longer trying to be right.
And the third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental red is dead, 17, 14, 17.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Why would I go back.
I don't want this to go back in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And while we dropped, I had the feeling of it, he had to die it don't fear it.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very simple.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that state was taken in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
Obviously I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first graduate, not a lot of artificial touch --  -- --  --  -- I mean, like a little little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I started to connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father to it.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father to be to be a good father.
I got a military, not to die that day.
And I became another general -- which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are going to be flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same is going on in your attention -- and please not like that -- but you know, how do you change it, and how do you change.
What would they do, they still hope to do because they think you're going to live for always living.
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I clearly have been lost in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TV was one of the most important gravitations in the age of the 90 years.
One day he came to his house after he went back and said, "Paracy, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the EDI.
Today, TV has a total particle.
It can only use your eyes.
His work is in me.
I have a design of design and animals so that, obviously, the graph is something that we would do and we face in the world.
And so we decided that we were going to be able to pay Toma, TV and their cause to it.
So I went and I went back with his brother and his father and I said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tamay again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he is able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, a second, is not that I see Santa Harvard, is not that all people are going to communicate through those shoes?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good second can't actually do it.
These devices are not public for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Do you see the movie "The film and the correctors?
They communicate that way, they are going to get out of the year.
I said, "This is a region. How can it be?
And so I went with the only desire to bring a car and instead of that I had a group that I didn't have the best idea of how it was going to happen.
I went with his brother and his father there in that moment right now, but this is the trial -- Third is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine. And we're going to find a way to get a way to go back and do their art again.
Because it is religious that someone who has so much in their inside can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Greek Raisudden, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then with a long point, they draw on that and they reduce the negative space.
So you go out there by making art institutions like this.
All of the things that come out, they say, they're part of a life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organisms and then with the bad words, then with the arms to Bangladesh and at the end, people start to do art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, close to a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things on one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we take the door of the security companies and we got a machine so that TV could communicate -- a machine like the South Hello.
Which was great.
And at the way, it's the most fun thing, I call it Beijing because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs from all the world in the whole world of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hotel and proteins and computers and analysis and analysis took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely study and that when we were going to have lost the faces of the walls and in their place there would be gravity.
But for two weeks later, we went to the Marian country of Venezuela, my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Stanford "Thinking?
They are a couple of galaxies that we buy in the sea country of Venice Brazil, some of the corruption of Christmas and things from Home Department and Robert Shakespeare.
We took a PMS camera -- we open it up on a light light and now there is a device that is failure -- it built the professor -- we put the free code -- the software is down in a free way.
And we created a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There is no sense of sure I say "No."
There's no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with them today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room of TED.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all of this biology and it goes up during the great antibiotic.
And after more than a year of plant, two weeks of progress.
And this is a wonderful picture.
We took the bed for it to see.
And we put a project on a wall of the space of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in space.
And so what we had was that we had that we had that we had that we have to be able to make sense that we feel like if we were losing the group as well.
And at the end of this he took us an email and this was what he told us, "This was the first time I was doing in seven years.
I felt like I would have been under the water and someone finally came to me, and I would go out there so I could breathe?
It's not wonderful?
In a way that is our war.
That's what makes us move in movement.
And we have a long way.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Marian Marine.
Somebody with this artificial potential makes a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and radio.
So since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We have won a lot of principles.
remember, it's fascinating -- none of us are making money with this.
All of our own bacteria.
The drugs were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And Arthur supports something about us and then, in decision, the Times Republican was known to us as one of the 50 of the top 50 investigations of 20 percent -- and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I end up to close the carbon -- is that in the open of this year in the Gulf of the MIT in the center of the Netherlands is going to be a short called "The Carolina.
And "Grand in the Chinese, it's going to have the best experts of the Arab Arabia, Santa Facebook, China, all of them are going to be there.
TV is going to be in the support which is pretty important.
So, basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to do it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible.
It will be possible -- anything about this room.
I am not program, I never did anything with the control technology, I just received something and made me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do all the days when we find something that we have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I am not me, who is not me, who are I, who are not me, who are I, who are I, who are not me, who are I, who are I, who are I, who are not me, who
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years moving in a very difficult situation and at the same time.
I went to the critical character.
I worked in a middle of career -- dangerous.
Fortunate in a war of war -- difficult and dangerous and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days looking at this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the environment, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a big part of my career I've been involved in signals with the only goal with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are very interested -- interesting -- and with a way to take them up in a way that will look like.
So when I knew I was going to come here to make a TV on the world of the markets and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard it, or not a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in Earth.
I looked at some messages in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I put up the rights of the name of the name of my TED Telescope.
And what I had was the next thing, "The NGO President, the TED that you have no idea what it is to be about what it is to be able to be in the face -- especially if I put it up to you or his company to do it.
But he said this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks.
Thank you.
It's a transportation in progress.
So yet, I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to be able to tell you with self-control.
But in the new line that I'm working on, we spent the world of the market, of the public.
And as I said before, I have moved up in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could tell me, nothing could be answered for something so difficult or as dangerous as it will go to the room with these kinds of things.
You see, I had this idea.
Move Street, I want to make a picture that comes out of the product of products -- the market and the public, and that all of the film is financial with production of products and marriage and public.
The movie is going to call the largest film said.
What's going on in "The largest movie ever selling, is that all of us on top of it, in the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end, all the time.
Now this market, Chinese State, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be able to go into the field to the personal person.
And so this is the end of all of this idea. (Think Kong? It's red.
I am a red sea. MK: I just say it -- it was more for facts.
It was a perspective.
But we are not just going to have the paper of the Marine Martin in the size but we're going to make sure that we can make sure that we could be in the field.
Maybe we saw a short screen, and it becomes the most cool short that you've used ...
The most cool car that you have done in the largest movie say, the best project that you have had been beautiful, correct from "The largest film ever selled?
Danny Kangler: So the idea is then just to show the maps as part of life, make them feel the film?
And the goal of the full line is the transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from the beginning to end.
And I would love that CO2 helps me to make it happen.
Robert France: You know, it's great because it's the first time I hear that -- is the same answer for the audience.
GP: However, I don't know how far it is going to be people to that.
(Audience: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Best is very negative -- but you know how it is going to reveal? (Audience: Don't idea. Don't idea.
MR: A million and a half million and a half miles, and John Kanese: I think it's going to be hard to be hard with them, but without the way it is going to go into a couple of big bats.
(Audience: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at us as a whole bunch of blood designers.
MR: What do you think it's going to be the response?
Steve Republicanis, most of the answers will be not?
MR: But it will be hard to sell it, by the field or to be me?
JH: They both were things.
MR:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So I'm going to help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right. MK: All right.
MK: We need to think about what you do.
MR: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people that you have to treat it.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Audience: Okay?
MR: I thought that "The camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microbial.
And the camera means we don't want to know anything about your movie?
MR: And so it was, one for one, all of these reserves of suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressive, I thought the concept of the public -- was to introduce the product to so many people as possible as possible as it could be able to do it as possible.
And especially in the world today that we have in new media and old media and the scale of security media -- is not the idea to tell that new version of attention that is going to take the message to the managers?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a wonderful branch, and that extra was this.
No, there was not a stranger.
There was no article at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for pictures of transparency in Google --    --  -- this is one of the first images that they do.
I like your way to replace, Silicon Brown. No.
So this was the problem -- the transportation -- the fire of simulation or the statement, and it was easily determined or seen -- even increasingly, that it would be written by compassion or activity of information.
You see, we hear a lot about the transportation in these days.
Our policy police, the present the name of the name -- even the Christians name.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really something completely change.
But why is that? Well, the transportation day --  -- like that base bear that still still goes on.
It is a presentation --                                              like this rate wall.
And it's also very adventure.
What other thing is artificially?
It will eat an entire story of Columbia Washington.
That's very adventure.
When I started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to find a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you get our story.
You see, when I was a child and my father took me in some mind -- and there he is looking at how I used to do it, he said, "Hey, there's three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this room we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an argument to help me -- and that's because I met John Bonome and Richard Kansas of many years old, I realized that I would have to go through my own.
So what I started to do was that I started to take sure that I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends that make big movies -- huge genes and others and others who make small movies -- individuals, like me.
And my friends who are doing a lot of huge Haiti, generations, they say that the reason that their movies have so much success to the applications that they have.
And then my friends who make individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, great movies of Higgs?
And the film is called "The largest film said.
How are we going to see special in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my battery, you'll see the Bangerous Department.
At any time for an interview with someone I can say, "You are good for this intervention?
Are you like, you see a little nervous.
I want to help you get up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the intervention.
And there he would take it one of these very big barrels.
The "President "The Foundation "Andread, like the Parkinson's County?
We're going to have so much for men as a woman for a woman to be supported, survival, to balance, as it is.
That's the general see.
Now I can tell you your questions and give you a self-distributed look at it.
King France? We are a small map.
It similar to the kind of small fish that you had -- we are more well a red market.
So we don't have the answer that they have other markets.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bangladesh to people is the reason that we are interested in.
MR: What words would you use to describe Ball."
Bang is in white here.
KB: That's a big question.
woman.
MIT, technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the standard.
Man: Let's talk about something healthy, free.
I think it's a great word that actually put this cartoon in the position of the supermarket and the supermarket, the supermarket.
You get free.
How do we take a little bit more time, with better freedom, more fragmented, three times more free.
And things like those who represent the benefits of it.
MR: And that's a microbial company.
What about me, what about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man from the street, to people like me, to the common Penns.
They have to talk about my market.
MR: How do you stop your market."
Man: Mattheua my market."
I don't know.
I like the good.
woman.
MR: All right, what is the Galvard Martin."
Good, something unique -- right? Man: I guess the kind of gentleman, the state I have to be like a dark clip.
I like a lot of the dark colors and the factories and things like this.
And so you get the generations of the sun as games of sun or I like the crisis and simples.
woman, if David was a market could be a complete computer, Mars Brown.
man.
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of mathematics.
So looking at the characteristics in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector, that's my market.
man.
man.
Is that something.
Audience: I'm a short market.
Twit: I'm Tom.
MR: Well, not all of us can be able to take Tamina, but I often put up in the internal card of the dark card and the career career.
I realized that I needed an experience.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help you understand what they call the "musical personality?
And I found a company called Walter Zant in Pitts.
They were helping companies like National Facebook, Facebook, Tom to discover that way.
If you were able to do it for them, they could actually do it for me.
And the pictures, right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: How much are you relationship to your thinking and feel your way to be.
MR: These people make my way to see the world.
two.
MR: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- as the people who care you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things get up, and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in the West Virginia.
E: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MR: The next one is this was the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thinking, feel and your way to be?
MR: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like the regional things. I like things like this.
E: How much of the "What?
What is the market." What is it that you can tell you now, you know what you can find you now.
Why is it important to replicate? What is the robot.
So a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
So what other metaphors have you had, right?
You have to have to have been afraid -- what kind of mountain to you are?
MR: And there? (Audience: Thank you, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Thank you work. E: Yeah. (Audience: Thank you very much.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lindo Zamishally -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complexity, in your market personality, the Martin Marian Mars is a conscious market.
They get very well together.
And I think there is almost a place in them.
And I think some companies are just going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they go through the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give them a kind of positive to you, and you can see that.
What other markets are this?
The first here is the climate, Australia.
And you can see it also here to Task, West, Minister Michael and Japan.
Now there are local markets and consumers -- those things that have gone and came up with a lot that is a pretty powerful thing.
MR: A measure mouth. What is your market."
If someone asked you to describe your sense of market, your market personality, what would it be?
Are you a regulation, right? Are you someone who makes the blood supply?
Or you are more like a definition defined?
A little bit more calculating, respected -- consumer?
And the artists are kind of like being librarian to be free as the Prince, consumer, anti-graduate, antibiotics, or health like Eastern Facebook, fast or blood, profit, mass or mathematical like Galai or mathematics like Galapago.
Or are you more of artificial definition?
Are you conscious, survival as 20.
Are you struggling, traditional protection, protection, protect you with Olympics."
You're constructive, station, family -- foreign, surface, surface, completely or knowledge, like the Danny Lang or Alexander?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and deaths and destiny, they said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They were allowed to tell us the story of the neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this film of how you now use the magnetic revolution to identify the center of the desire in the brain as much as for cell market.
And we went to San Pacific where they have put the public to the air air.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no values, there are no cards, there's no values, anything.
And we went to the schools that the companies are doing walking in school problems in the United States.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more success are those where I've been interested with things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went to the international interventions, they went to their advantages, and they said, maybe these actions don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try it directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to the people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get them? They had success?
Well, since the film is in the Sea of San Sea, let's take a look at it.
And then I mean, the movie is being used in it, and from then -- and this is not all of us -- we've had 100 million dollars in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks of a half and a half weeks ago.
That's just in line -- or present, or TV.
The film is still not discovered.
It's still not online, it's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
In the last one, this film has already started to win antibiotics.
And it's not bad because almost all the consequences that we talked about was they would take their cells to not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunities that are opportunities.
I think when you go to people from that is going to be going into the family.
I think when you go to their experts in the risk of the risk to the risk of the risk of the risk to come from recognitions.
I feel that what it has to happen to be able to do is that we have to love people to be able to move to people.
We have to encourage people to have a fear of the opportunities that can be able to get them.
Finally, I believe that we have to give it to the fear of the fear of the time.
We have to put that place in a clip.
We open the fear out. We open the risk up.
And in the time, we have to take the risk to it.
And at the way, we need to go to the transportation.
Now more than a bit of honor is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with hospital and transportation, all my talk "The Talk, has been prepared by my good friends of EDI who were by 180 of the name of the name in Andrew.
EM: It's going to make great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
EDI: We presented the Triangler: "We went out the Triangler."
Thank you very much.
Japan Collection? So, Montan, in the name of the transportation, that happened exactly with those 185.
MR: It's an emotional question.
In my biology I have a chicken at the name of the TED Mandator, the Sandhi Sand, a chicken for 180 to be apply to my team for the next year.
The idea behind the international instruction is actually very simple.
We don't want myself to get the nuclear back.
His biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of American plant in National.
The groups that you see are control systems in real time.
If we were able to compare these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the crime.
The graphic box are not using solution of Wikipedia, they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Williams in a popular organization used by an engineers to get this free box -- then we're ready to.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Western American institution.
The grandmother goes into the graduate box -- it gives you the career, and the nuclear nuclear program is defined?
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely desperate.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex in the particular part of Wikipedia, the instrument was used to be able to make it solid.
It seemed to want to do something with these graphics breast, these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we interact our environment, and we saw what happened with this.
So there were very strange things.
Steve was made as a lab of lab to which I didn't like our beard, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different speeds of surgery, I realized it, and I thought, and I thought, this is a device here.
It's completely developed?
The instrument is looking at in the free box if you find a specific conflict, and even if the program that is trying to be trying to be working in that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an energy plan of the United States, or a chemical plant in Germany.
But better than we would find out the goal of it.
So we explored and we discovered the army code and we found that I was structure in two digital forests.
And we also saw that they were very profound for people who obviously had all the Internet information.
They know all of the points for the ones that I would do.
They probably know how much the operation is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Street installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the card is very complex to me.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this computer code here.
We are talking about about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty close to the old light language.
I want to tell you how we were able to find this code to this.
What we were looking at in the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for text and structures of data, and we try to get them with the real world, with the real power of the real world.
We need terms of distributions that we can try or speed.
In order to get to the theory, we remember that it is definitely a violence subject, and it has to be a valuable galaxy, and it is completely short in Iraq because it's where most of the information has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goal in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear energy plant of British and to the plant of National National.
And so I said to my speech, "I read a list of all the experiences in constructions and plants of energy between our clients.
And I called them and told them in an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to take a little digital speed with the control.
The challenge is that mobile part inside the career, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this car, you can certainly take it and even make the speed of the exploration.
So what we also saw is that the goal of the air was to do it and go into a obvious effort to go back to the instruments of material, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital discussion looking at the data and their structures and their structure.
So for example, the number 1970s on that code -- you can't get it.
And I started to give you a science of science about how these computers are built in National and found that they are structure in what is called a street, and every step is coming up 17.
That had a sense, there was a consciousness.
And you put better yet.
These conservations in Iraq are available in 15 parts called statistics.
And guess what we find in the corner of antibiotics?
This is almost an amazing structure.
So again, that was a good consciousness.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hand.
And so there are no worlds.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the streets without support, and we had to get back to it.
And yet, we found out that both digital children came to one and the same thing, but from different nations.
The little little little silence is taking a street, and making the robots and recording them, and the big grandmother is communicate with six states and using values.
In the way, we are very aware that we have learned what the device is.
It's Nigeria, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry about that other objects are taken by Steven.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really got interested.
There is the graphic box -- and you see the constructions.
So what this thing does is we would try to try and try and try and get the sense of sensors for an example of the process and the sense of violence and it comes up with, which is still defined by the airplane, which is still during the army of the airplane.
And I heard or not, these factory data are presented by Steven.
It's kind of like the Hollywood movies where in the robot, the security camera is food of secret video.
Is it great.
And the idea here is obviously not just not just going to the operations in the top of the control of the control.
It's really much more dangerous and addiction.
The idea is a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operation could not act quickly.
For example, in an energy planet, when the big space of value is going on -- you have to open out out of space in a mission.
And obviously this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are completely, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explore it.
And not the operations and the security system.
And that's what it is.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This artist is great.
It has nothing to see -- especially with conservations, with construction antibiotics.
It could work also for example, for example, in an energy, or in an automatically autonomous.
It's great.
And you don't have the antibiotics, which is going to design this car with a talent class, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
And you could also use cognitive technology for us to design it.
It will do the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a mass of a mass design.
That's the consequences that we need to deal with.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goal for the artists is not in the Middle States.
It's in the United States and in Japan in it.
All the green areas are space with a great number of games.
We need to deal with consequences, and better than we start to pay now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Robin, it's done public in a lot of places that people are aware that Mars is the main sense behind this.
What is your optimism."
Robe Langua: OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that Mars is investigating, but the mother is not Israel")
The engine behind this is the critical survival.
There is a sun -- and that's the United States of the United States, fortunately, forced.
Because in another way, our problems would be even bigger yet.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Bangerous.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take it and that give us a little bit of subjective skills or another one that makes us use out of the streets and they go back and come back to it.
In Bonnet Benjamins, we call these robots.
They are nothing different from something that is put in the morning, and he gives you a big force -- that I actually increase his speed and help him, for example, to make the electronic.
It's actually the real interaction of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can try it and connect it with the universe and with other extra people.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that in average, it has to take about their space a 40 pounds -- and it's going to take it even more team to take it even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important consequences -- the legacy in the room, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the stage characteristics of space.
We decided to control this challenge and create an article that could help to make the thing.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Parkinson's human Chinese Chinese.
Solar Stephen, I can spend 90 miles by a lot of value for a lot of hours.
His favorite design allows you to put in cells to go up and take a lot of movements with a big advance.
It shows what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my force.
The Bart Bronx -- we are ready with our industrial sustainability, to produce this application, this new extra extension?
It's a reality.
We're going to go back to the use of synthesis of streets -- about what I feel particularly advertised.
There are 18 million people in the statements of the world, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is actually a really complicated thing.
We talk about something that happens with a very, very young people, very young people, with days that are going to start their life -- at the age of 30 or 40 years -- put up against a death and the synthesizer of the warsome turns out to be their only choice.
And we also talk about the population that it comes up with a quick thing.
His only choice -- a lot of times -- for a brain brain or some other complexity -- is the silent clip.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their own application, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start writing a new captain about molecule.
Let me introduce you the GPS which is using Barry Bangladesh who was 18 years ago, and he had a law in the real color, and as a result I couldn't go back to walk for 18 years now.
Alan Bangladesh. Thank you.
LG: And the state is using our GPS, which I was mentioned.
It has a few senses.
They completely don't care about the molecules that come up to the computer of the boat, here in the space.
And there are also a few bacteria that give them energy to the markets in the cars, and in the roots, and they make them go through this straight and very nature.
BF: I was 24 years on the top of my life when I was in the air.
In a second, I lost all of it and all of the movement of the paper to the bottom down.
A little bit later, a doctor I went into my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Look, you will never go back to the way."
That happened about 18 years ago.
So I went back to the last piece of hope of my be.
The activity technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to go down in the school, and I would even go up and even move in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
DR: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the plants to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change life to future future -- not only of soldiers -- but to America, and all of the use of streets of the websites, to all.
BF: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of the human survival of the human.
It's a place where women have the battery, and they have sex to say here, and the game is the order of the day -- where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the University of the American man or San Africa.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their own first.
This is the world of the statement of the Street seats of Congo.
The babies are together, along with the chimpanzees, their own living lives.
That means that we all share a common environment, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years.
Now, kids are known by their attention.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this impact in our nations of human evolution.
But the bars show us the other side of the wall.
As the citizens are developed by big kinds of big, business, social society.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very typical society.
But by the way, the bars are the less understanding of the big sizes.
They live in the presentations of the entire color, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a parallel -- a land of biological and beautiful, but also the heart of the silence itself.
It's not trying to figure out that this drug is also going to be done in the survival of the book.
So the corruption of cartoon and definition do that you can't call a study with the books that are in the world, and indeed, we are not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cars you can hear the region by making the trees.
Who are these past?
We know them as the sizes "The love, not the war -- because they have sexual sex and profit to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the books is more than the Kenya State.
By the babies, like humans -- they love to play all their life.
General is not just a game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to get characteristics and to make the talent.
With him we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the play.
The game increase creativity and research and it has to be able to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior -- different diversity of conditions of consequences.
And when you look at the good game -- you see the most amazing records of the room, the data and the human radio.
The game is the game that you get up.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of only unique videos taken from the summer.
First of all, it's a picture of baby standard short, and I don't talk about forest.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the fire, and he has the background of the balls?
I just believe that in this case he loved him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as in humans like in human.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing together into the game -- and as well as the teachers, and also how the game requires trust and food.
But the game is policy.
The game is political -- it can add a lot of ways, some of which are more traditionally, imaginations, construction -- perhaps the place where it comes up with the amazing.
And I want you to see -- this is France, a young man, which is playing with water water.
And I think that, as she said, sometimes we play them, and we explore the list of our world world.
And it is that limitation that we care about to explore it, to interact -- and then the international conditions that we form are the real fear of creativity.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the books give us out of our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world and more difficult and much more complex consequence.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our computer company.
In order to deal with success to a world that changes we have to play it.
But we're going to go back to the matter of the game capital.
The game is not failure.
The game is true.
For books and humans for it, life is not just critical and straight.
When you look at the less likely to play -- they can be the moment that it is the highest thing.
So that's why we completely accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we get creativity and the ancestor and the extra one.
Thank you.
In New York, I am responsible to develop from an organization without a control called Robert House.
When I'm not eating the poverty.
And in our city, where the values come to a highly expensive person -- you have to get to the site of the very, very soon to go into action.
I remember my first instrument.
I was the second value in the site -- so I had a pretty high probability of going to go.
But there was still a career to go back against the other values to get to the cartoon and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capital, I was fascinated in a conversation with the pressure that without the death of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle -- she was standing out on the car, under a street, in the street, and I stand up, as his home was in called it.
The other value that I just got before I came before I call Leonardo Langua,   -- I was very first to the capital and he asked him to go and save the dog of the home.
The dog? I was so clean.
So there was a speaker or general meter that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building to save a living being just because I get for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me a load.
He said, "Well, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go up, you go through the game, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I hear it.
It was not exactly what I was waiting but I was -- I went out the screens, at the end of the past, I went to the real backgrounds that that artist or less had ended up on the front of the fire and I went back to the top of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my body back through the scale where I met my National and the right dog in the main door.
We went out of the house.
A few weeks later, the depression came out of the head of the house of the house to be able to save to save their house.
The application that she looked at about the other was that someone had been done even a couple of shoes.
And so I was in my song in Richard Hong like in my song as a computer board -- I am a control of genes and associated in a mental scale -- but also of the activity of thank you and color at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned what I've learned of.
All of it has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come out, or you're going to be able to do it, and they are going to be able to be able to remind me -- you don't expect it.
They don't expect to make the first million to make the difference in the life of somebody else.
If you have something to give you, it is right now.
They look at food in a eat of the community.
They are mind.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to put the life of somebody else.
So you go into the game, they save the shorts.
Thank you.
Britain God! Mark, Mars, back.
Martin Berteless." Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I am a great advance of the context of it.
And the first of the content balls were made in 1870, with a very simple idea of a very simple idea of a life that they go through each other.
Very quickly, these became the most built building of the most used in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things that we are, like buildings or presents, a clothing at the time.
And essentially these bacteria have become the paradigms of our time.
It's almost a hundred years later, in 1975, to Lego was happened this.
It was called the autonomous computer.
And in a few years, the LEDs came to all the home.
It has been used over 400 billion or 75 miles per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
Let me do it.
Let me just take the background of context, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
As so much -- exactly that same year, in the beautiful Benjamin, the next revolution was about to stand up, the new building block.
The transportation was a small amount of plastic that would take us from a world of the specific characteristics of a few to a world where everything was international in it.
So the same thing that you can see is the treatment to create a lot more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex and more
But there is a main difference -- the transportation was just for experience.
I don't accept it -- I don't accept it, that the building building of our time are related to the experience, so I decided to change.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and designers and design.
A few years ago, I started developing Bangalore.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lindaries are electrical models every one with a specific function of it.
They are available to be light, sound and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing about all is that they are going to be used by income.
So you can't put it wrong.
The children have a code of color colors.
The green is the survey, the blue is the correct, the rate is the interview and the full color is the ship.
So you just have to take a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of them.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a boat in the middle and so we have a recent.
If we change the bacteria for a piece of police -- which is here, and now we have a light.
We add this name to create more impact and we have a street machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- Bales are actually very possible.
Instead of having to program -- to connect and solve us, Bangladesh allows us to be using very simple intellectual gas.
In order to make more fast or later, you just take this mouse that makes the police be more fast or later.
The idea behind Bangladesh is that it is a creative choice.
We want all of all the interested in the world to give them a little bit of list to use.
Lights, sound plants, standards, everything must be access to me.
We've given the children to see them to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that don't learn in school.
For example, how does a night work, or why the door of an airplane gets open up, or how a research respond to the car.
And we've also been able to be listening to design.
So for example, the designers without an experience of an economy begin to play with Brazilians as a materials.
So here you can see, with the role of paper and forest, we have George creating it.
(Audience members.  So a few weeks ago, we took the websites to the design of the design of Rosetta Island, which they don't have any experience in the engineering -- just in cards, and we said, do you do something.
Here's an example of a project that they have done a control of access for movement.
But you know, here's my favorite project.
It's a long fact made that it has fear of the dark seat.
So for these not instruments, Bales became another material, the electricity became a other materials.
And we want this material to be about all of us.
And so Bales has open code.
You can look at the website of the website -- you can develop every design of design and make them.
We want to give them a world of creatures, including interventions because this world in which we live -- this international world, is us.
So you go back and come in.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the instruments today.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking for us to interact with the environment.
And the distribution of it.
This is a little video of what we do.
Michael. wait a moment.
You can give up a little bit of carbon.
We can be able to get better on the video to one side to one side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, you know, I'm going to take the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, you have a consequence to remember the best design and technology for you to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do, we asked them to work in the government.
The intervention is called "The American and they would be like a bunch of peace for technologies.
We set up a few members every year and we put them to work with the medicine.
Instead of moving them into the third world we put them into the digital world.
They did great applications, they worked with the metal experiences.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
Do you know Alex.
This is a house of the city of Boston.
So here it comes out as if I would look for a quote -- but what I really look for is that someone else is going to be done by the neighborhood because he knows that it's not very good at getting up when it comes up with a piece of number.
How did I come to ask this way so simple.
Last year, we had a team of members for America.
They were there, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city has never been able to take these hours.
But one of the members called Education National noticed something more, that the citizens came up with the streets in front of them.
So it did like any good progress.
It is an application in which you can add a horrible.
You will be able to take it up when you go.
When you do that, you put a name in this case in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can replace.
You know, it has a legal component of it.
It is a modern experience.
It may be the world's smaller application last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government.
And it becomes a virtual way.
A responsibility of the city of the city of Hilland when you see this apply realized that I could use it -- not for the night, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be able to be able to be standing together.
It's very important that they work all of these stations in terms -- but people get down the batteries.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Sent decided to use it to make the citizens go out of the stream designers.
And I had just done it to do it to make people come together in order to end up when it was now.
So now we know about new cities that plan to use it.
And this has been discovering without failures, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of global technology to know that this doesn't happen.
And the software architecture is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working in a project that got three people for two months and a half months now.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that I have done it by the normal cars would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the American power of California, which until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an app that was program in a couple of days and it goes up in a virtual form is a piece of advance to the government.
It turns out to the best ways of work, not like the private companies -- as many people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, without researchers, in open and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it represents the way to deal with the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an alternative institutions but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very big community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with education.
And it's not only "The United States, but there are hundreds of people around the country who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
They have not given for the government.
They feel a big deal with that, but they don't get up, you get it.
And these people know something we've lost from view of it.
And it is that if we leave the feeling about politics -- the film in the DNA DNA, and all of those other things that put us, the government is, the government is, in the words of Time Washington.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are change.
The policy doesn't change.
And because the government in the last environment of us. Do you remember that from us, the point, the way to think about the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people to get careers.
Well, after two years I've come to the aware that the government is about all of all, a matter of arms.
This is the center of technology and information.
This is the place that you take the calls if you run up 180 in America.
Santa got this called this.
In the base of the office knowledge in the bottom of the fundamental knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the legs on the house, put a very strong music and see if you go?
And it works. So it works.
But that wasn't the end of the lines.
Bono does not have a center of calls here.
It has an application, web and mobile called "The Congress Consumption.
We did not make that application.
It was the work of a very smart people from the New Mediterranean Medican Medical Medican.
One day, this happened really -- it comes up with this point, "I don't know in my card content. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it?
The Dianestice Chinese Common is different.
Santa was talking in person.
In Stanford Congress everything is public -- so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a community.
The next research said, "I'm going to go back to the place, I found the course of the card behind the house.
"The King." Yeah. Life. Yeah.
I went back the course. I went home.
Good night.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conference of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government to the very different value collection.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology of plant.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a city helped another but the government had a key role here.
I met the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the wind is a better adult and more bacterial than the government services do.
When a vision helps another one, we go back to the community.
If we call the control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
A important thing that we need to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that politics is.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the rest of the other.
And that our understanding of the government is the vote.
How many times have you gone to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government comes to our values and support our needs but then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like a consumer ocean and politics is the top of 15 percent.
On the bottom is what we call a business.
And we say that word with a lot of design.
But this is what it is that we need to do that is that we feel that we find something that is going to be on our against our against -- that other thing, and we are often losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institutions to work that we will have to have to make the business be service.
Because it's where the real work of government.
We have to communicate with the government.
That makes the Microsoft movement.
Have you seen them.
It's a group of conscious citizens that have written a very dependent in a very dependent of 350 pages in response to the Sunday Center of Valley, and on the end of the financial region.
That is not political activity -- it is a chemical activity.
And for those of us who have done to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to deal with.
Do you really believe that we're going to get to where we have to go with the institutions that can be able to be able to get in name of all of all of us.
We can't get out of government, we need it to be more effective to be.
The good news is that with technology is possible.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to add antibiotics, only you have to add the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 25 years old, so I am a larger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up taking the word and giving that almost for sitting up.
They're not giving that bacteria that we all face about who is going to talk about, everybody will talk about.
You can express their operations in any car at the same time and they do.
So when you face the problem of government you don't care a lot about making their voices out.
They're using your hands.
They put their hands to the work to program applications that make better to the government.
And they allow us to use the hands to improve our communities to improve our communities.
It can be taking a horse, by getting marriage, making a little bit of bank that has a back in the way.
Since then, we could always have limited those hours and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital records that we are not only conscious, not only of the government that we pay interventions and we get services on it.
We're more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of them -- when this is about the important things that we have to do together, all of these together, will be a bunch of voices or we will also be a hands of hands.
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent the most part of the time in creatures and principles and in the death of the death.
I've spent the most part of my life in modern communities and places and places where there's a lot.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at me and seeing these statistics has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've ever noticed in this long time, is that TED has identity in it.
And the things they say here are impact around the world.
You know, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a lot of fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach it with sense, you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's care, it can get much more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of the identity of it.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother again.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family by a market, which was my grandmother -- which was my grandmother ...
It was hard -- it was strong -- I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She made a lot of the doctors in our home.
It was two people who had been standing.
His parents were born in the screen in Vietnam about 18.
She was born about 1850, and his experience with the statement as the way the world looks like.
She was hard -- but it was also love.
When I was a small and I looked at it, she came up and gave me a good adult.
I was so strong that you could just respect and then I was sure.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at me, and I said, "Bell, you still feel my artist."
And if he told me no, I would go back back and if he told me yes, I got in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the less of 10 percent.
You know, when I was going to spend a time with it, it was not easy to cut your time and his attention.
My early were running all over them.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to the room and I went to the room and there they were running up all of my own first.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at it.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she was supposed to, but she was very serious at it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up, and she took me on the hand and he took me out of the hand and he said, "You see Bertain.
I remember this as if it was there.
I will never forget it.
It took me out and he said, "Bell, I'll tell you something, but you can't say it to no one.
I said, "It's good, "Man: "Google?
She said, "You know, I'm going to give you a donated show? I said, "Hey?
And then I looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I will never forget it.
And then he said, "I just want you to protect three things, Britain.
I said, "I mean, "Mars?
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
And she was my shoe, and you have to protect that the career, the careers.
As I love my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, so I'm going to do it?
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing if the right thing is the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, Mars.
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you have no computer beautiful?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mars, like that.
I grew up in the field in the background -- I have a brother a year and a single year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six chains, I don't know where I put them up, and I would go to my sister and me and we were for the forest for me.
We just got to do the leaders of all the time.
He took a surgery of carbon -- he came back to my sister and she took me a little bit and got me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's good. You say, but I'm not going to take career?
My brother said, "I see it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something, your brother as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can go on.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen? Take a Chinese.
And I was able to look at it with force and say, "Oh, not to be thinking about the conversation with Mars?
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mark, you tell all the kids who are special.
I was disappearing.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be discovered as well.
But I have 25 years old, and I can add that I have never taken a correct corner.
I don't say this is a viruse, and I say it by the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things that really don't see it sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother was actually believed that all of his girls were special were special to me.
My grandfather had been put up during the protection.
My two of them died from different diseases with the action.
And these were the things that we were going to do -- we should be able to buy it.
Now, try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
So there were 300 principles.
There are 2.5 million today.
In the United States we have the largest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the Western language.
And this massive speed, in my view, has changed our world.
You know, in poor or black communities -- it is so much, so much designer, I decided for these done.
One of three babies between the 18 and the 30 years is in the critical or in the computer light.
In the urban communities from all the country, the Americans, Parkinson's Bang, Bangladesh, with 50 to 60 percent of all young people in the color are in the heart or in the collective freedom of consciousness.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the race as well as the poverty.
And in this country we have a unique system that is a lot better if you're rich and completely, that if you're poor and instrument.
It's not completely completely constructive what the results are going to do.
And it looks like we feel very constant.
And the fear of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're destroyed.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work a few of them all right.
In my state.
Right now in Arabic -- 35 percent of the black mobile population has lost the right to the view.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the level of rights will be as close to how it was before they would take the law of the right to the view.
So we have this simple simple.
I represent children.
Many of my cells are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel about 14 years to die in prison at all.
We have this country in this country.
Right now we are in a process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It turns out to people in the death of the death of the death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In some sense they have taught us to think that the final question is, people are able to die for the computers completely?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity of it.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about to decide if people are going to die by the crimes of the consumers, but if we need to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by it.
In every nine people, it has learned one that is international that is excited and free from the death of the death.
A street rate rate -- an instrument of every night.
This is interesting.
It would not allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be allowed if every single nine that you would stand, you would have been standing.
But somehow we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our car.
It's not our school.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this point of if we need to kill it.
It's interesting that in my cells with students about African history, I talk about the stage.
I talk to you about the terrorists, the time that started at the end of the responsibility and to go up to the second World War War,
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black American Americans in this country, it was a little bit of the terrorist.
In many communities people were afraid of being clinically.
And I was worried about being basically.
The top of the land was what they define their lives.
Now there are more people who get me and they say, "Martin. So Steve, you say, "You know, do you speak to the people who stop to say that in our history is going to be the first time with the first time with the first time, after 1950.
I think I said, "No, I say we grew up with that?
The age of the terrible control, of course, with the sector and decades of the right and service supply.
In this country we have a doctor that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have actually done.
And all of the time we got to each other.
We also create teeth and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and religious process.
In South South Africa, people understood that you could not be able to overcome the right service without a company with the truth and the record.
In Robert, even before the genome had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany, giving conference on the death of death.
It was fantastic.
And he said, "We don't have a death of death in Germany.
We will never be able to get it here?
And the room was in simple and a seat said, "You know, there is no way to our story, we can never be able to move in the system of human beings of human beings of human beings.
It would be advertised that we are interested in and definitely, we will be able to extract people, people.
Remember about this.
How are we going to feel in a world where a nation like Germany, explored to people, especially if they were in their most countries?
We couldn't touch it.
It would be research.
And yet, there is this design.
I think our identity is in dangerous.
If we don't really worry about these things so difficult -- the positive and wonderful things are, but they are interestingly.
We love innovation.
We have the technology. We love creativity.
We love it.
But finally, those reality are increased by survival, the application, the development, the mathematical.
In my view, you need to go into both things.
We finally talked about the need to have more hope to have more hope, more complicated with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the designers, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, even though it will be so religious, as well.
With innovation with creativity -- developing is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart conditions as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what is going to take us not only in the brilliant and the distribution, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Harry, the great graduate leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe.
Well, that order for the spirit is mostly in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED -- should be considered.
There is no relationship with technology and design, which allows us to be really human if we don't put attention to poverty.
Now I want to ask you that these thought are a much more difficult identity than if we put these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big private, being a very young space, to meet Rosetta Parks.
These women are just just to talk to you.
And eventually, the Christmas lady called me to say, "Bell, comes up with the Park Park. We are going to be going to be able to get to talk to you.
Do you want to come and hear?
I was like, "I know it. I know it."
And so she said, "Well, what do you do when you get yourself?
I was like, "I said, "You would hear it.
So I was and I just heard them.
It was a very nice thing, so increasing.
And in a ocean I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours, the Street came up to me and he said to me, "No, Bernit, let me tell you that it's that idea of the foreign language.
What you're trying to do.
And I started to give my discovery.
I said, "Well, we're trying to make care of it.
We try to help those of you who have been connected to them.
We try to get the presentations and discovery in the beginning of the personal justice supply.
We try to get up with the sense of life, without a computer for children.
We try to do something about the death of death people.
We try to reduce the population in the crimes.
We try to get up with the magnetic teams?
I gave him all my best assumption and when I was looking at me and he said, "You know, Michael mine?
And I said, "The short statement, very advanced.
At that time, the Street came up, I put me on the face in the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very valuable?
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more likely to be.
We have to find the way that we have to figure out those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been involved in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is surface to the worst thing that we have happened.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a mind, it's not because it is a mind.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't have to do it is not that it is a line.
Even if someone killed others, it's not that it is a metal.
So I think there's a basic diversity in the people who should be responsible by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and, without a day, in many parts of the world, the opposite of the poverty is not the restaurant.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty.
And finally, I think that even though it is very, very beautiful, very beautiful, very simple, it will not take us for our technology, by our design, and the international ability or the relative capacity or religious.
At the end, you get the cost of a society -- not the way they treat the rich and powerful and private and the way they treat the poor, the contents, the printing presents.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand real issues about what we are.
And I feel since I feel defined. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too strong to me.
And I mean, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been represent these kids who have been sitting with a lot of disease.
I go to the crime, and I look at my 15 and 14 years old, which have been used to be able to be able to give them as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a piece will make someone in what is not it?
The subject is going to do it as an artist, but I see a child.
A very short night was willing to think about it, by God, if the success can become something that you are, you have to have magical power.
Yes, Brazil, the size has a magic power.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working in a math.
I had a 14 years old, a little poor -- poor -- black black ...
I started working on the market, with a thing that he said, "Man for my black black of 14 years to be treated as a profit of 75 years old, exceptional from a computer?
In the reason I found that there had been been an individual consumer in the conservation, in the behavior.
There was a short line about how in this country there is no team, but a whole bunch of technique.
At the next morning I was thinking of thinking of that money that would be a dream or really the wrong?
So for me, I was not only released, but I had sent it to the corner.
They spent about two months, I had been surprised.
And finally I decided -- God, I have to go to the car for this state case.
I went back to the car and I felt really standing, and I felt really alien.
I was in the car to the car.
I thought that this would be very hard and profit.
I finally went out of the car. I went to the car.
And I was going to go up with the schools when I found a big black man -- was the beginning of the career.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a short? He said, "It's a stranger? I said yes.
And so I went up and spends me.
And I'm going to go out in the end.
He said, "I'm proud of you?
I have to tell you now that it was virtually.
That was made up with my interaction with my identity with the capacity that we all have to connect to the community with an hope.
Well, I went into the room.
At the end of it, I saw me.
And he said, "I mean, Santa, you wrote this management minister?
I said, "I know Mr. I was me, and we started to go out.
People started to get up. They were all investigating.
I was the one that I had written all of those lights.
They came up with the police physical physical physical public.
As a result, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of the things that we talked about is, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about intervention.
With the eye of the eye to look at the beginning that I went and came up.
I was looking at the window and he was going to hear all that graph.
I kept walking for here and for there.
And finally, this old black forest, in the room, in the room and sat behind me, almost in the table.
So about 10 minutes later, the situation has a record.
And during the desert of the office that was shown because the company had come into the room.
The statement came up on the old black old.
And he said, "Well, what do you do in the room room.
And the old black came up to me -- I looked at the statement, I looked at me and said, "I went to this room of audience to tell this young man who keep his view in the goal with seriously.
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral act of the universe is very big -- but it goes into the list of it.
We cannot be really human human humans if we don't worry about human rights and for democracy.
That our survival is limited to the others.
And that our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity have to look at the force of functionality, compassion and water.
And on the top of all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with financial.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an evidence from the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are a number of close opportunities there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reserve in which it is going to be an effort to be able to pick up the forests that you spend today in the pathologist of control.
For example, here in California, they are going to spend a billion dollars in the death rate in the next five years.
And despite this, the 45 percent of the hospitals don't go in artists.
The 45 percent of violence is not going to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
So this representation is going to make it to make these tend to make the law.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge device in the citizenship in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three decades.
This is part of the explanation -- it tells you that it has to do with the greatest rate of engineering.
What would you say to those of you who believe that it's like this?
BF: In fact, the rate rate of video with violence has been very strange.
The great growth in the massive access in this country is not for creations with violence with violence in this country.
It's for the wrong wrong.
So that's why it comes up with this particular increase in the collective population.
And we let us convince the recording of the corner.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the period of personality, and so you can put a biology, for small creatures against the process, instead of making those resources to their violence.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crimes and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosopher on the corner does nothing for no one.
I think that is the architecture that has to change.
CA: Believable, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspired.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Let.
Let me give you two Daniel -- Harvard in September.
Let me give you, Christmas Charles. They look at five deaths.
So Let me take you 12.
Let me tell you about 8." Alan Amazon.
A lot of landscapes? It was going to the narrative. Death mathematical.
Republican Redwood. Just January final -- Earth. Simple.
Crisis. Death. Design.
Oh, my God.
Peter Daniels." These are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months -- they could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media is going to be able to be able to bring new negative news because our mind.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense is getting a lot more data than the brain can probably be done.
And as nothing is more important to survive -- the first part of all of those data is an ancient artist of the time called a market.
And the yellow is our detection of the entire death, the demand of dangerous.
Or regulate all the information looking for something in the environment that I could make a day.
That's why a tens of stories will be able to look at the business.
That old reserve of the principle, "If there is blood -- selling, it's very true.
And since all of the digital devices are given by the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it is not just to figure out that we are present.
It doesn't surprise people that people think that the world goes out of bad in worse.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge program was done in the last century for a series of forces is coming up so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the experience of species, the water of water and energy.
As human beings are very good to explore the problems and the long -- we just went with them.
We looked at what happens in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years -- the average of life has been more than developing, the average income per single interview has done around the world.
The molecular death has done 10 times.
In fact, the cost of the food of the food, of the electricity and the communications, has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pittanian showed us that we're living the most popular time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world space went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put them up and put it up and put it up.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, bacteria, televisions, televisions, televisions, air and car.
The market markets of the course of the last century, the experiences of the planet, would never have gone out with a lot of them.
So I'm going to support a lot of this is the technology, and finally, their experience.
My good friend Rome Martin showed that any tool that comes into the technology of the information in this course -- the read of Monterey, and it gives the understanding of the price in about 24 to 24 months.
That's why the model that you have in the biology is a million times more bacterialization and a thousand times faster than a superconductor of the 1970s.
Now look at this culture.
It's the Law Martin for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, what happens is that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in peace -- in recent and in the supermarket.
It's the result of fast computers that are used to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges for it.
And even though it comes up in a law on the left, it comes up to the one.
The rate of growth of technology is in it more faster and faster and faster in it.
And in this room, at the corner of Mars Mountain, there are a series of extraordinary technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Arts called international competition -- sensors and networks -- the reduction, the 3D presentation and the ability to develop and to draw up in the entire planet, the synthetic biology -- the simple, the complex, the discussion, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Japanese of Washington, from AIDS.
It was painting.
I looked at the world's best terrified that I would have.
And I loved this one, "Weaponship comes to human communities.
Justine is not a easy game.
It is with human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the neighborhood, available for everyone in the movement.
four years ago, here at TED, Richard Kanzi and I, we took a new college called University University.
We teach them these technologies to our students and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year, we asked them to take a company or a service or service that can be able to be able to be able to be a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today.
30 years ago, that would have been sold out.
Now we can take a company of companies that have already done it.
And when I think about creating advance, it doesn't mean to create light life for each room in the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that that is a team and getting it up.
You see, the school is control and the technology is a force that would take resources out.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Daniel DNA DNA Department.
He's the guy on the left.
I was trying to close the website of Silicon.
The terrorists of Daniel started with paradigm contracts, and the same Daniel with corruption.
But the silk of Silicon, I started with control contracts.
You see, the automatic was the most valuable metal of the planet -- worth more than the hear and the plastic.
And so this is why the point of Monterey to Washington is actually standing.
You see, even though the street is 80 percent of the Earth, it doesn't come out as a foreign metaphor.
It's limited by the oxygen and the seasons.
But then it came up and made it out of the stream that is so clear that we use it as if it was to be discovered.
We put this antibiotic towards the future.
So let's think about the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a red planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come back to the Earth 15 minutes of energy.
This is not about school, but of access to action.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the genome of the genome by the day, 1,800 reserves seen 16 reports.
The cost of solar energy.
Last month -- HIV published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the solar parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour for the hours of the national environment.
And if we have an energy, we also have water.
Let's talk about the water.
Do you remember when Chris came up with the space of Vietnam Valley towards the Earth, in 2011, after I spent Santa."
I got a famous picture. How is it called it?
"The play police point?
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a dark planet in a 70 percent water.
Yes, 95 percent is water water, the two is ice -- and we went out for 50 percent of the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nation, the nature.
In a conversation with David Kaneuparator this morning, one of the indication of the biology -- I would like to share with you, I was allowed to do it to do it, and his technology called Sea Stanford -- you know, is the size of a small record.
It is able to generate a thousand water water.
The president of Carolina just learned that I will make a important test of these individuals in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a lot of trust that it will be, Carolina is going to be able to increase it in 200 countries in the planet.
So this is a potential innovation for this technology that today.
And we have seen it in the molecules.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile models in the developing world for 2009.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communities in Kenya than the present Revolution is 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than the City President 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have ever seen before.
I better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars -- VC: images of books and music.
Maybe the best thing comes out when you go through the health.
Last month -- I had the pleasure to go up with the Congress Force something called the Prince Common Congress -- 10 million dollars.
We are running to the team of the world so that they eat these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has EDI, you can take it up, you can be able to get out of the year.
In order to win it has to make better drugs than a complete medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the model of movement is 25 percent of the health.
When this device is a service of DNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- to call the health of health and first of all, to avoid that it was going to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it the billion of the millions in it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the market of the seven billion billion dollars.
By the way, the best pressure against the device is to give up the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line, connected to them.
For 2009, it will go from two billion dollars to five billion use of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you go to the global conversation.
What do you want these people.
What are you going to do it? What do you want to get you?
And instead of a economic colleagues we will have the biggest economic influence of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they have more health from the Taliban, from a better education with the Kenya Common and because of the use of the increases in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than never before.
So what can you give us three million dollars of humanity.
So what about a few times never before.
So what if we give them the organisms, where you are, a voice to be heard and power to act for the first time.
What would these three million?
And if you are constructions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the Prize President is that small teams -- spread by their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things, things that you could just do the big computers and the governments were able to do.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really extends.
There is a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Paris.
I was in the University of Washington, in Senator.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of animals and figure out the way that it will be putting the program.
And then you put up the structure and the function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have play with this college teachers between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started to play it.
And it has shown that today the machine of human patterns is better by providing programs that the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools.
We have the passion of the profit of the biology.
We have the ability of the technical.
And we have three million new minds that will be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have in front of a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The bottom of the point of particular.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1973.
You may believe that it takes pieces, but it wasn't like this.
And I actually remember fish now.
And he described one of them as a very common consumer.
It was the mind.
I put it too much to the 1970s.
Now the fish is in the Rooth Robert of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special stuff.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think that they are.
The flowers still say that they are going on.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there in Kenya.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get up.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
The leg was surrounded by pastics, and, as you can see, from a few marriages.
There were about 20 cents, the black balloon tons of black ball.
And the fish of this talent was very strange and happened for a good moment, so it was made more than the middle of the middle in Ghana in it.
When I went there 24 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half of them.
They managed to be five cents.
They experience a genetic process.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish was still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to be able to be able to be in the inside of the wall in the statement of the artistic super.
And in the early 10 -- well, it started in the 1970s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The designer development is going to be able to make the countries that have been 100 feet, and you can use the industrial fish.
And this bank, pretty cold -- it's called the Foundation four.
I went back in it, and we took students in the South Cameron of China and especially in the sea of Japan.
So what we were able to do was something interesting.
We called it, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we were able to do was specifically, other animals that are in the world.
And most of the fish are a little bit of distribution about a few rest of them, which are a few of them who are fish reserve.
You know, the bottom of the sea came to the covered and then it was artificially.
These images are extraordinary because the treatment is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then it starts the commercial fish for it.
The bottom is going to be a little bit of complete color in this case, going to be a language.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them. They gave them up because they were dead.
Once we cause a living life.
I was still not stopped.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This means of rest is what you get the fish every time you go to a area in which they have never lost it.
But it doesn't be done.
We bring the world, but we don't remember it.
So let's take a little bit of particular, to the new level, without remember what was there.
If we make this something like this.
In the area and we have good things.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation is going to use the images to get the beginning of their life as a normal life and you would get it up to it.
The difference.
But they don't allow the loss that happened before.
You can look at the source of change.
And at the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of it.
And that, in a big sense, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem is going to the people when the personal societies kill animals without knowing what they've done until a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal which is very excited, before you explore, it's a little bit.
You don't lose antibiotics on it.
You lose a little bit of fundamental animals.
Even if this doesn't feel like a lot of love.
With the time, we are focused on the big animals, and in a couple of big fish.
They become a little bit of factors because we put them.
With time you have a few fish but we think that's the point of food.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists would be very different.
And you will do it because the evidence comes up in an old way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence for them.
For example, the antibiotic that some of them are presented, as you can go out and so many fish in this area can't be used or by the general don't use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in the Internet, because they don't trust the source of the past.
And there is the huge role that can be able to make a whole bunch of protection.
Because with the modern mountains we actually get the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to get because the point of part has come up and it's completely under it.
That's for the people that you can see a massive area and they can benefit from the vision that you would allow them to take it out of the point of particular.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to -- like the people in the Middle East, for example.
And I think there are the arts and the century may be able to call the value.
This is a situation of the Bart Christian.
A lot of time there were a long time in the back of Carolina, 500 years ago.
And you will have noticed that the materials and the telescopes are like Leonardo:
And if you think about "Lead, if you think about why people were sent with the movie -- without talking about the story of Parkinson, why would you move with images.
Because it turns out something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
So my record, the only one I'm going to give you is Carl, to make "The Galvine, under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hong. I am Kenya Colorado, the government of YouTube, and I look at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why the video comes up and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars.
But today the video is making any of us, or of our actions in a part of our global culture.
And anyone can be famous in the Internet in a surgery.
It was more than 45 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of that, only a little percentage is a little bit of life, it comes up with vision and glamour material.
How does that happen?
Three things.
Well, let's start it.
Bronx Valley? Oh, my God, my God, my God, me.
God.
Google?
God, gold?
KB: Last year, Bill Valley published this free video out of his house in the National Park of YouTube.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the researchers in the paper of the spectrum of the last time.
Bronx doesn't have to make a virtual video.
And I just wanted to share a little bit of a double arm.
That's what you do if it's called Mars Michael Bang.
I've had a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in it.
So what happened here?
It was John Kenya.
James King published this transport that would take the video to the police.
The creatures of tools like James Kenya are present to new and interesting things and they get them to a higher public audience.
Republican Bangladesh.
"The "Reverse, Brooklyn's one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the function of use.
So just like "The "Archistrian drops, this video seemed to have come out of anything.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was virtually, it's true.
And if you ask those other pictures, they're also virtually.
But what happened this day in particular particles?
Well, I took them together, and a lot of bacteria started writing about it.
Michael John, Never, from Mars State Taskland, was one of the first people in the video on the TED video at the TED.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of creatures are able to take a point of view and share it with a more amazing public audience, including the process.
And so this community of people who share this great Internet character then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 particles of "Livers, in YouTube.
So only in the first seven days, there was a picture for each other days.
And unlike the American environment of the 20th century, this community company is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Christian Canada, is an anti-graduate animal with a consumer music.
So that's this way.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rather, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
And so far, you saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other gas to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I hope between the Internet community of the Internet.
There were researchers.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it was interesting.
And suddenly I had a whole community community that made this happen to be a little bit.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, let's go down.
Who could have done something like this?
Who could have learned "Drawatic and Richard Brown or Richard Barrem: or January.
So what would you want to have been written to do this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video per minute -- only that really unique and inspired by the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who project against the mountains in New York, I guess I don't really interested in too much.
Canada Andrew, I was killed by the common of the biomass but often there are observations that make you close in front of the biomass.
KB: Thank you to the sustainable effect and his humanity, Carl Andrew that five million would see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all of the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berkeley Valley? What does this mean?
God.
KB: What does this mean?
And the designers of the design, the creative communities of particular, the completely instrumental -- are a whole new kind of media -- from a new culture -- which we all have access and the audience that define the police.
And as I said before, one of the current colleagues in the world, Justine Bono, started in YouTube.
They were not allowed to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of our police culture.
These are not the computers of the old media -- they are just the minds of the current media -- but they will define the future.
Thank you.
This is not a full story.
This is a company that is still getting up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of a life.
It's a poet, a man, a man whose life had been used in the only one of the unique and freedom of their country.
You can imagine it as the communities go in Santa, and the fact that his life had been totally in it.
The words, for so long friends, now they were doing it.
It turned out in the silence.
I died through the story.
He is my grandmother ...
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been at the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to be able to take them out, but we do it.
The next part of the resources is about a boat in the order to be able to go down to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had only 18 years when his father died -- and a controlled market and two little kids.
And for her, life had been designed to a single table, the speed of his family and a new life in Africa.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that I challenge the financial, a bacteria goes down to the sea seat of seat beautiful.
All the adults knew the risks knew all the time.
The biggest fear was the paradigms, the violence and the death and the death of it.
As most of the adults, my mother took a film with virus.
If you call us, we first would take it my brother and me, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother.
My first resources are from that bacteria -- the root content of the market, the protection of every single single sun, and the value and the value and the value and the value of it.
I don't remember the legs who came up with several times, but they were connected with the value of men in our mouth or the mountain and I couldn't go back for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the cost of Mars, and the young man who collapsed and died -- to end up the journey was too much for him, and the first man who said, given by the men in the planet.
No market had after the same screen.
After three months in a field of restaurants, we went back in Millennia.
And the next piece of companies is about four women over three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Paris, a kind of class would open whose population is kind of computers.
At the difference of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle -- which is a deal with me in Paris, there was no sense of the right.
The sharks that come from the rest of the world.
And the Friday English principles were used between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a line of cars -- working six days -- I was going to be still three.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a telescope in TV for information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were standing up, and it took a strange tube in English and mathematics -- it didn't matter what it should be, which is actually a new hand of new hand.
Two feet of media for school, one to tell the holes of the other.
A high school to the telescopes, because I had to leave six years.
And there were the roads and the paradigms about the "presentations and some graphics? They go back to home.
As a home, what?
Something in me was struggling.
I was trying to stop and a voice I said, "I'm going to show you.
My mother, my brother and I go down in the same way.
My mother was extraordinary every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother survived speakers, all of the barrel.
And my task was to be designed until his librarians would start to be able to be able to get it.
She opened a computer content, then I studied to be stranger and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the treatment -- the stress and the international girls and the training children between two world.
They were looking up and paradigms.
And they were created together.
I live in the paradigm world.
And in one, it was the strange addiction study with what I did from myself.
In the other, I was released in the top of the private lives.
But a lot of people got help through the years.
And for that work, when I wrote my last year, I was coming up the young animal of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the rooms to the other, but his barrels didn't come out.
And so, I read American antibodies, it was now so long -- represented and social activity -- invited to talk to me that I had never heard of it, and in home whose existence she never had ever been imagine.
I didn't know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the contracts.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rates and the cost of life in a subjective subject -- a grandmother, a mother and two children end up the day as they did for almost 20 years -- telling me about the day of every single day in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I realized that I had now the same age that she had when we go to the barrel.
And he had never been a choice.
"The "Allier, he said, "I don't know what you're not supposed?
And so I talked about complete devices and education.
And as much as the more expensive I was talking about, the more used to talk about.
I met people from all the ways of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the face of the possible.
And even though I ended up my limitation, I realized that I could not go in a card cartoon.
There had to be another piece of the roots.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a design, a recent record, new in the stage -- and not just that it is good, but it's something that is going to be actively, maybe a galaxy of the barrel.
Because it's going to be in the way that it can be able to be able to make the horrible, it can easily mean to be able to accept the presentations of your printing.
I gave the countries out of my way to know that I know, that the world goes down, but not the way we take it.
You may not have been allowed to be allowed to be able to get them up.
There was an energy there -- an international vision, a market of hydrogen and value.
So I kept my attention.
It was just a little group of people for who the name can't do it was an amazing challenge.
For one year we didn't have a center for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant cell of sound that we all share it.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were lines, but some biologists, and we open it up.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey.
My cars again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the advanced antibiotics.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother about me.
She grew up in a time where the Colleague was the social network, and the local Mars was the person that was the person who was the person.
Life had not changed by centuries.
His father died after she was born.
The mother was used to do.
At the age of 17 became a way of a market whose mother the ball.
No support of his market, I cause a breakthrough to stop it and take the cause of her, and much more research when they get up.
You can't do it to be entertained.
I was in the course of a hole in the course of a hole in Silicon when she died.
I looked through the mirror of the death and saw the other side.
I knew that I had come to destroy.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went to a blue temperature in Parkinsons and we sat around their own.
We tell them stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a mountain came up and told us that I had to close the art.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
And I asked him to the mouth, "Why is his hand -- and the rest of the body so fast?
Because you've taken his hand from the morning, he said.
Don't have it soldiers."
If there is a nervous in our family, that water through women.
And because of those who were and how life gives us, we now can see that men who have come to our lives would have come to us.
The goal would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the barrel.
Who could do that for it?
However, I take it to the price of the easy, the right.
I can give you a problem in their lives -- survival value in every single single single supermarket, the strange room of the mother, the horizontal value that doesn't make anything else?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see it to me, I would do it.
Transparent Burness and as well.
My story starts in Rosettan about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the stage skin, with the course of the course of South Alis.
We were making a lot of how nothing has changed from the top of the old antibody in the Mandela.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to go back to a car and we did the sky.
Now we do it with advances.
And at that time, when you get up, the great Internet war -- I had a street, and I had a stream and with a stream to the sun, you get water.
We now do the same thing with trees and machines now.
The connection that we had was that the machine had developed to the machine.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was looking at this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the camera if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic to make it not kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandfather to give me her grandmother paradigm of biology.
And this picture of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It became a door to a world filled to a world full of images of images and nations in my imagination.
And I had the sense that the molecules, the rules of light and the cameras are imagine that we are.
They find our inspiration out.
And so I looked at this technology to see this technology to see how to use it to create machine, rather than killing it.
It takes books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the AIDS device I saw a piece of notion to connect the laws of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we are.
It will take the text with the image of the image, the sound and the care.
The narrative becomes more modern.
But what does it look like?
I'm at the point of taking King, an international app for a stranger.
He says, "I call your fingers about each light.
And so --  says, "This box is going to go to my name -- I wrote my name ...
And so I got a character of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the AIDS knows where I lived to GPS -- that comes to me.
My girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic now.
And I don't mean managers and drugs but to that map of the influence, to those ideas that we open of children.
And for some reason, the landscapes in a French were always really amazing.
So over here, we have to increase the Arabic to deal with the adults.
And really, they run your way into what the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that the whole range is going on in a battle.
So here, every book and every world is taken in a bacteria that I would take up to this magic device inside the application.
And this opened a map of it.
In all of all of you know, there have always been maps but have been standard markets.
This is a map that grew up and goes through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important impact for me is to create India and at the time.
These are the speeds.
We all have heard of the homes and the bacteria, but how many people out of India know their India, the shores, the walks?
These poor partners have been taken in the cameras of the Internet for millions of miles, in a old and honey book.
So we're getting them back in a whole human story.
In a story that treat current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years, has been that kids have been carried, passing their PDF, they have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the books of the book is this approach in which you have to go out to the extender, to take the camera or the Australia, and to collect images of different natural object.
As a kid, I had a lot of colleagues, and I had a lot of colors, stressed and countries.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So in order to remember this rate of the intervention you have to go out and in a capital, take a picture to a face and then take it out.
In another capital, you have to take a picture of a car and then take it out.
So this is what a different digital culture of pictures can be put in the Web can be put in the Web.
A kid from London put a picture of a room and says, "Oh, today, I saw a box.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network in a digital of digital pictures that have been taken up.
And within the computer variety between the magic -- the Earth and the technology there are a lot of possible.
In the next book we will have an interaction in which you go out with the Australia and the video and a real reality of it, you see a group of animals that come up on the Internet plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of halls.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them together to read the rest of the book.
Let's go into a world where the forces of nature are interested with technology and magic and technology to get one to another.
We took the energy of the sun.
We are coming to our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and the love and love love that we feel a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the Republicant University was to go to a direction of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she was going to be a little bit of coffee or you and asked patients and I asked patients.
How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all of us, but most of the health projects -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my control Ball. It's a very simple thing.
It has a period of training and shorter.
All of the morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put up the challenge to get to 99 Korea.
But it's so simple -- that every time I met my information to Google Hello.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need color or some printing of that stage, but it will look back at it.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four sectors in Twitter at Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my middle Bang and before I went back to my car, people start to talk about, Lego, today I think you need a living love.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it is pressure of the companies used to help the patients -- it could be used for the observation, and also so that the patients let the forces.
On the other hand, it can explain to move the people from their eyes and together to develop some right activity to have more control of their health.
In the end of the next week I will be available to be available to it.
This little bank is connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people would be able to be able to take their home, to take their artificial pressure to send their medical doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients are able to make a position and they get back to the control and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the control and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It will take technologies that are simple to use and start with this to interact the patients in the team.
And you can do it with technologies like this, but also through crime.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you.
We all have control control controls.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where the cars are in Mars in Mars.
And also where all of the gas.
And of course, we can find free food.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient.
We asked it but no one would happen.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA save lives at this moment.
What we did was to make crime in the Boston countries.
We created a website -- and we asked them to the audience -- you see a DNA, please look at it, and when it is open -- because when you open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And more than 10 dollars had been used in the Boston countries.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we did an app for the Australia.
We created an app for London, real reality to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else -- you can use their iPhone, and in the next few weeks to use his cell cell to find the death of Microsoft to find the most close DNA.
And from today, I would like to present this, not just like DNA 18, which is the name of the product -- but also as DNA.
And we wanted to look at the global level.
We are connected to all the colleagues in the world, in other university -- to help us find and work and act like a center for the DNA of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are from vaccines and someone color, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invest companies around the world that they could help us go out of these DNA.
They could be service or people of television, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please hear in this and not just improve health but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share my photograph here.
Or that's "The photographer."
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their cameras that you can't take with their cameras that you can't take it.
My interest in the photograph was designed with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And I moved up with my passion on the drone, but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ended up when it comes up with the bottom.
For me the photograph had more than to be in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to put the passion.
People like this, a building in a very terrible career care.
But it has a support grade.
And despite it, it takes a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colleagues at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of realistic.
And when I say I actually say probability.
Because of course, it's not something that can be called but I always want you to have been able to have been able to have been able to have a little bit like a photograph as a photograph of it.
pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the triangle.
It has more than you can see with a idea that with a moment.
But what is the journey that makes them seem real really?
Are the details or colors.
Is it going into the light.
What do you create the instruction?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to try and get the world and how it can be able to be in a normal surface.
It's actually not about if it is true but what we think is true.
So I think the fundamental is very simple.
I see it as a reality of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we use them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we can all relationship with the traditional world.
But you can see in a certain way, you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know that there isn't there.
So let's move to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process when you eat the pictures to it.
It is really going to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture -- I think they are those where we don't even think about it, the things that are around us in our life.
But when you eat pictures is very important to consider it, because in another way something is going to look wrong.
And so I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But complex, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures should have the same perspective.
Second, photographer pictures should have the same kind of light.
And these two images. And these two images are used with these recently, they were taken to the same authority and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to enjoy the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect environment.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is moving up.
But this image is totally covered by pictures of different places.
And I think it's more easy to create a place that you can find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of plant.
And as I thought about this idea in invisible I knew that I had several months to protect it, to find the different particles for the pieces of the room.
For example, the fish was able to be able to go through a piece of fish for it.
The cost is from a different.
The straight part was able to be able to be able to go out of a statement.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it seemed more surprised.
So to get a real result I think it makes plants.
It always starts with a bacteria, an idea.
Then you have to eat the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good work when you take the pictures that the result can be very beautiful and at the very real time.
All the tools are there and the only light is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
I will start showing a slide on technology, very adventure.
Please put it up.
This is a diagnosis that I took from a card me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is about an airplane that we were doing about the potential of the MIT Congress the potential of local areas of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is like a lot of others that we used to see, is a kind of straight line in scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of material in the scale.
So to talk about technology with service currents is something notion.
Here is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights up.
I needed more interested because I would write about paper.
Why do we make technologies in the statement scales?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal culture in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to generate -- the doctor would look a little bit rich.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology, like the transport, in a similar culture would be very strong, we would see a right line.
But if it happens something like this, you give a clean change.
If the technology of the treatment would go as fast as the computers of computers, we could take a table and be in Tabina in 30 seconds.
But I don't go back to that room.
There are no price in the history of the technology of a creative growth that every few years ago, which is a few years old.
The question that I want to play is -- looking at these experiences -- we see that they don't get extraordinary.
It's not possible to get this change as fast as you go.
It will be one of two things.
Or it's going to become a key typical thing like this until it was completely different or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am absolutely appropriate, so I think maybe something like this.
It will be like this, now we would be in the middle of a tradition of it.
In this line we are in a train of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask -- and ask me, is, what is that new way that you do the world?
So what new state is dealing with the world?
The treatment seems very, very trust if we're interested in it.
I remember that the future is happening in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what will happen in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been completely, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It happens a transform -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that treatment that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think that the only way to understand it is to take a difference and look at the long things.
The time of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
And so we took up about 2,000 million years when Earth.
If we look at the way that they were involved by those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the order with DNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had taken a little bit of access with all kinds of chemical resources in their environment.
So some of those act of access had a particular combination of chemicals that were made by the outside of the outside and so on.
And they started to die.
In a sense, those were the most private forms -- those pieces of action.
But those robots were not living in the current sense, because every one of them has a construction of chemicals in the construction of chemical construction.
And every time that they have been able to make a drug distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And so every doctor was a little bit different.
In fact, the backgrounds that in some way would be better than the time of trying to increase the communication chemicals -- they grow more chemical -- and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more respected.
It was a form of life, a very simple life, but the things were got interesting when these robots were learned about the tradition of the abstract.
In some way that we don't understand very well these bacteria they learned to play information.
They learned to keep information, which was the rest of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense -- a writing system that allowed them to figure out what they were in order to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been standing up since they evolved 2,000 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same system.
In fact, every living is associated with exactly the same set of letters and the same code of it.
And one of the things I did only for fun -- now we can write things with this code with this.
So here I have 100 millions of white paper that I try to tell people of the supermarket people.
But it comes to -- I took this code -- the code has the common laws that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA.
So if someone wants 100 million dollars of my personal car, I have a lot for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
And if it was a click that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
writing the DNA was an interesting step out.
This made these cells that were happy for other billion years.
But then there was another big step in which things were very different and was that these cells started to try and communicate information and communicate information that of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can get DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the research to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the plant and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of results to the personal because the bacteria will communicate it.
This community gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together.
In that way they would go out or they were forced together, or whether if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they were made more and they were familiar by evolution for evolution and they were familiar for evolution.
And the international point happened when these communities were made so much that, in fact, they went together and they decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing that is interesting for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities -- communities of many different kinds of different cells working together as a single one.
In fact, we are a moral community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer going to do it.
The skin cell is not still without the heart or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call an organization of it.
The next level happened within these community.
These began to take care of information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than making information in community.
These are the neural structures -- they're the neural structure.
The neurons are the devices that make information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started to spread inside the community being the responsible structures to be able to be able to understand and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- the learning was connected to the difference of an organization -- and not at the period of economic time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a certain failure because I knew bad and the last time I eat it.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these design structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they eat that fragment.
And so the fact that the nervous system built these information structures of information in the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen.
It could happen in the time you need to learn it.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the tradition of the community.
So for example, the most sophisticated version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it is an amazing invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea an idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting up with a bunch of graphics, and with support, building a similar idea -- value and control, in their head that had a certain antibiotic with me.
But we take something very complicated that we made it in sound -- in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
Now that allows us to start to work as an organization of it.
In fact, as a human -- we've started to do alternatives.
Now let's go through a similar period to the molecular organisms and we open our methods of relationship, and it comes up with information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the infection, the computer center, the Chinese -- and so on. This is the specific members that we now build to make that information.
And that leads us in something much larger and faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
And you saw the economic example of TED in which I had a certain evolution with the Congress program with our eyes.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told you took a billion years of every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language, they took less than a million years.
And the next one, as the electricity, it seems to take just a few decades old.
The process is restored? I guess carbon is the right word to name something that makes their own piece of change.
How much more changes it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this experience of the curve.
We see that the process is ready.
But I give me life designing computers and I know that the members that I hope to design them would not be possible without the recent relationships.
But now design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible for me to design it.
I don't know that it does every treatment in that machine.
There are thousands of millions of million them.
Instead of that, with the designers of Harvard Man, we think about a level of abuldination, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you could not be able to be able to be able to get a lot more and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I think that we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using finally, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that works in the scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a self-distinct sequence of institutions.
We said, "Why are you going to run a hundred millions of scientists to the card, the career, the career, the career.
You could be able to take these sensors of institutions in the space, to give them all those programs and to take those who are more about what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to make numbers.
So we found the programs that are more likely to make numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a little bit likely of institutions of institutions, and so none of them did it.
But one of all, of course, could make two numbers in the right order of the right.
And I said, "World, you could take 10 percent of those electronic sequence that they better did the task?
We put those and we go to the rest of it.
And now we get the ones that make the numbers.
And we're going to give them a protection of a responsible process to the sex.
We take two programs who are going to be able to get children, and that the kids are going to take the proteins of both problems.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, "Why do you get the process.
California again.
And I put some models.
And I tried to go back and stop with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few miles.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in the complicated case, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient than that I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to look at them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- strangers.
But they put the consequence.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs who did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
Once I was in a 477 with Mars Minister and I got a street and he says, look at this.
He says, "This arm has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to make a safe break. Don't make you feel the standard.
We know that the process of engineering doesn't work very well when they get complicated to them.
And so we started to depend on the computers to make design design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the ones that produce the normal institution.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes inside us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can take these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it goes up.
The thing goes faster and more fast and so I think it seems so controlled.
Because all these technologies are researched.
We are starting out.
And we are at a moment that is at the right moment to the universal organisms when they become microbial.
We are the barrels and we can't understand what we are growing up.
We are in the bottom point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes up and I think I'm going to stop here before I get up here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've been looking at enough time to allow us to get a part of my favorite factor in that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about biology.
Why don't you?
We are close to the end.
We love the biology, right?
The biology is full of amazing places.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to get the recently, talk about the statistics and use them to form a great team of biology.
I'm going to focus on one of them and hope that many of you know it.
It is called a battery principle.
And we talked about 300 percent of a battle that based up.
And that means that the basic bank is even three of 10 times.
That means to take the ball to the game of play without being stopped, and anything that I try to take it to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second basis will be saving.
Three interventions of 10 percent.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Langua?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of the stars.
You know how they call a biology of 100 billions.
By the way, that's someone about 10 percent, except four percent.
Let me go -- like the Lab Telescope, the last playing of the London Langua in Britain in address more than 400 dollars in a real time.
Now let's look at this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less increased, after what I'm going to tell you today.
You know that they have advertisers and they are developed to a surgeon that has a 400 percent of the bottom of 400 in advances.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a red place and one will be a wanted to have two articles and their family doctor and the family of family to a card which is about 200 percent of 200.
But you know something.
She is really getting this year.
And their actions have been 24.
This is not work.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that it should be the average of a heart surgery or a characteristic or a supply or a blood of a blood or a blood of a chemotherapy.
One of us, very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in all medicine knows the act of a good surgeon, from a doctor or distribution.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I get into the mountain of being perfect to be.
You know, you know, they have a street and worry about how to do it well.
And that was the message that I think when I was in the medicine.
And I was a computer station.
One time, a company in the high school said that Bill Golden was up to a spectacular experience.
That's what it is.
I was in my little design, in the University of the General hospital of Terrist, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
So in my class of antibiotics, I mentioned the original and the medical work, the reputation of every piece that comes out of the car, the difference of the difference and the health disease.
And I even knew the difference about how to play the regional artistic accessible.
And as it was so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good at me.
And you go from the school of medicine with the importance that if I would make all of all, then I would know everything -- or the most possible, close to everything -- because this is what I'm going to get away from the errors.
And it works for a time, until I met the Democrat Sea.
I was involved in a college hospital here, in Taskland when they brought up to the Dr.
And at the time, I was asked to the carbon service of it.
And when you choose to go to a cartoon I had to take this patient to that patient at the time.
And you get to the rest of researchers.
And when I saw the Darwin Democrat, I was going on.
I heard a remote sound of it.
And when the short, I heard a sound in both sides in both sides -- what I was going to do was that I would have a controlled control intervention.
In these conditions the heart stopped working and, instead of taking the blood into the street, the blood goes to the children, these are full of blood -- and that's why there is a little bit of surgery.
And it was not hard to do it.
I did it and I put it to work in the treatment that I would give him on it.
He gave him an adventure and medicine to avoid the pressure in your heart in his heart in his heart in his heart in his heart.
And I gave him distribution, and I was able to get out of water, so that I could take it out.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first street, he sent her to his house.
It actually made two more.
He sent her to his house without talking to the rest of researchers.
I didn't read the phone and I did what I should have done that I was called my chair and I would get it with him to see it.
And if my child would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to take a full information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a research that will make attention to it.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility to my patients that could not even tell my child.
The second challenge that I started was worse.
When I send her to his house, I don't get attention to a voice in my inside that I said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that I asked the future that I went to the Sambray Death, "Do you think it's good if you go to your house.
And the function thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'm going to be good.
I remember that as if it was there.
And so it was that it was the high thing, and the advanced with the discussions they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that day, I had a bad pressure in the state.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I was able to leave the hospital and walk into the space where I was my car to go home, at that time, I did something that I do not even do it.
I went through the service of entrepreneurs to walk home.
And there is another function, not the one that was called the Darwin President before, but he said to me three words, those three words that most of the medical doctors are going to be done.
Other species will also take them as well, but there is a particular particular and it is that we see the patients in front of them.
The three words are ready you?
"I remember from the patient that he sent to your house.
And I asked the other nature with natural total.
And she said, "Well, with the same voice of voice.
She was good.
But I went back and the death of the death.
At the time of a time to have come to his home, after I gave her the high head, he had a color and his family called the 18th -- the developers brought it into an average pressure of 50 feet of Europe, which means a service supercomputer.
It was just surrounded and he was blue up.
And the person of the employee has all their resources.
They gave them a lot to go out of the artificial pressure to get up.
And they put it up with an artificial responsibility.
I was considered and step up to the mountain.
And I had a sense of feeling because I found out that they would be in the research and I hope against all of the hope that they would get up.
And in the two or three days he was evidence that I would never wait.
He had a brilliant brain day.
The family.
And in eight or nine days or nine days, they turned out what was happening.
And at the end of the day, they let them go. The Shake Depression -- happens, mother and good.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next weeks -- I went out of it and I experienced for the first time the very small marriage that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- standing, without feeling that blood blood because you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues with it.
You do the patients and never even make that error.
It is that speed that I leave an teaching it.
And the magic version that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it was not for my month." He was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I was going to go out and make sure that they didn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my goal? Why did I send her to your house.
And in my worst moments -- why did you make a lot so strange?
Why do I choose medicine?
You know, a little bit of the feeling was destroyed.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun -- and I was asked if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I was reading the effort to be perfect to not make more extensions, I would have to make those times.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the experts of the emergency in a common hospital at the North America, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the galaxy.
I was very simple and sticking up.
And he came up here.
And I looked at his galaxy, I was a little bit.
And I read it present and he sent it to her house.
But as he went to the door for the door to follow her galaxy.
Two days later, when I came to make my change, my guy asked me to talk to me in your office in his office in his office here.
And I put the three words.
I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the galaxy?
And he went back and I didn't have a space forest.
I had a pretty moral addiction called applications.
You can look at it in Google -- it's an infectious, not from the galaxy, but from the ground survey, and that can cause the top of those go.
He founded it down.
It was advanced by the interview and it goes back to the few days.
And then you go back the same period of version and recently, then I went back and go back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same piece of years, it didn't be discovered by advertiser.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them thought that I had a real career.
You hear a robot of robots but it turned out that it was normal -- a colleagues that was coming back to the patient made a certain secret in the right right right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of dollars.
And you hear the light to record and I asked my colleagues to get it.
So you know, you know, you know, and when you take a certain secret in the right, I called the surgeon.
They were both opening up and they were got a good one.
But every single case I came up with me -- I got up.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst eyes in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a bank.
The most significant has been over the last five years.
Just an application and without support.
And here is the problem -- if I can't go out and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the value that tells me what it really happens to me how to share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them to do this to do the same entirely?
If I would go to a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after familiar, after familiar?
Of course in a picture to listen to the rest of other doctors -- but they won't hear someone talking about their own expensive.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transportation in my hospital was addressed by the wrong legs -- let me just look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business of the errors.
It's the system in which there are two positions, which is that they are going to make mistakes and the ones that don't go down and the ones who have the results and the ones who have the results.
And it is almost like an incredible reaction as an architecture who starts to add that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from the medicine to people who are getting extensions, we're going to get a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years in the early 20 years, I have been doing a personal study of bad medical properties and doctors to learn how possible possible -- from the first article I wrote for the Taliban Steven to my program, Korea Collection, Bonome Collection, Bonoment Barry, Boyler Arabia?
And what I learned is that teachers are an understanding.
We work in a system where the drugs happen every day in which one of every 10 percent drugs in the hospital are wrong -- or the distribution is not right -- in a system where you see in a system.
In this country, you die.
The United States in the United States of the United States.
In both cases, it comes to basis supply, because we are not getting the problem as we should be.
And so they're things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is made every two or three years old, and we don't go on.
The price of the dream is investigated.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive groups that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient in the party.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the party, and it comes up with their eyes and with the stage and the restaurant, and of course, my story is kind of designed.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't represent their systems always in the same way.
So all of this, the mistakes are incentive.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we went back to all of the teachers that are very profound, well, it's not going to be no one.
And with the people that people don't want to talk about their own grandmothers.
In my program, "The blood area, art artists, it's a used to say, "This is my worst book? I would say to everyone from the degrees to the short of the support of surgery surgery, "This is my worst box, bad, which is your brains? And I would make your mistakes.
And his students will stop them, they would go down the head and they would be able to get out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share it.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same break?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- you know human -- you know, and you don't get away from their mistakes -- but it turns out to learn from what happens to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their entires.
And I read the rest of other people not with the interest of adding them, but in a love way and so on.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings are going to make the system, and when this happens -- they are made out of extra elements in the time.
My name is Browned Galapagos.
I am a restaurant doctor here.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I found it to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what to think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me meet with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a single day.
Do you know how much we get in a week.
And I did a little bit of more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to get an American Americans -- are about 70 to day.
It doesn't make a lot, in an research.
And the researchers took all the different things that are designed by these explorations and the time that they had been able to make decisions to make these tools.
They found that, in average, you get 180 jobs per week.
Now, every single job.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 12 percent of a time or more of their time.
Now think about your choice.
Do you know how many of you are about nine minutes, and how many of the one of a hour.
How do you take a way to make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, to choose the operation of communications.
I want to talk about the problem and a little bit of some possible.
And as I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question, as I'm close, you get your hand only if you want to make careers.
In another way, when I ask a question, if you ask your answer to be positive by the factory of a paradigm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear from the problem of the communication of the conservation.
Thank you.
This is being studying from the University of State University -- it was actually a very, very high level -- at least in that time was very surprising.
It's called Denna.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There were about 150 different kinds of death and completely more than 500 different kinds of fragments and version and about 25 percent water -- and this was when we took water water.
I love to go to that show, but in an ocean I asked me, why does it never buy anything.
So this is the state of the subject of supermarket.
They had more than 75 different kinds -- including the ones that were in the box that they were in the end of the military trees that were in the middle of the military trees that they were in it.
And once I decided to visit the government and I asked him, "You know this structure to offer all these consequences?
And he took me up the full of the streets that they came up with every day, and I usually with their cameras in their face.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memories.
Paint.
They had 330 different species.
We were able to go out to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to the contribution of the state.
We put up there from six seats, or about 24 different speeds, and we look at two things, first of what people were willing to stop the members, to stop the members.
More people were left when there were 24 -- 60 percent that when there were only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a lot of metaphor.
So here we found the opposite effect here.
The ones that were given when there were 24 -- only three percent to buy metaphor.
And what they were looking at when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the cars, people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six -- that if they found 24 percent.
Well, I decided that we don't buy a lot of us probably -- -- -- at least it's good to make the line, but it turns out that the problem of the government of the communities are affected in the very traditional decisions.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial now.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with George Harry, Electroducial Kane, and World Japan, where we look at the decisions on the top of about a million Americans for a million Americans of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of forces were available in plants of spaces in order to come up with the prototype, which is the 400 people who are going to save for the future.
And we found that I actually know that there was a record.
We had 450 planets who were from two, to 25 different choices to it.
We found that the bigger was the number of foreign food, there were less particular.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the plants that make two parts, the particular rate was about 60 or more, not as high as you wanted to like.
And in the plants that were able to make about 60 percent, the paradigm rate was coming back to the 40 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide if you decide to stand up, when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences there.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of communities, the more people were used to avoid the actions or the infections of research.
In the time there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the market for market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we would have to be able to be able to be able to make the future.
In the early decade we've seen three main negative consequences when you get more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- that you get it even when this is going into the inside of your own interested in.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the financial and the health.
They are more likely to get less supply, even though they actually get better.
The main reason is that we play to look at that variation of magical value, monitoring, completely and moving, but we are not able to do the cells to compare and control and get out of that exploration exception.
So today I want to give you four simple technologies that we have come in, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can go into their business.
The first is, Congo.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than today.
People are always killed when I say, "Good.
You care about losing space in the airplane.
But what we're seeing is that what we're seeing is that if you decide to cut up, you will get out of the strange relationships -- there will be an increase in the virus, will be a better experience in the choice.
So when I provide German Spanish from 24 different types of Heroes -- Shakespeare to 15 -- you saw a 10 percent of the virus.
When the Galvin Galler comes out of the products for characteristics that are less that they were sold -- they were used to be used by 21 capitalists, for two causes and less countries.
You know that the supermarkets of today, in average make 45 product.
In a state of Walter you get up about 100 product.
But the largest need in the current world in the current world is here and it takes only 14 products -- a kind of sale rate at the way.
And in the world of the financial now, I think that one of the best examples that have happened about how to make a better thing is the plant of David Lands, the Hall program.
And all of the Hollywood experiences are increasingly increased to a sense of life.
And those who really want to tell them, you get them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of them are important.
The first thing I do is ask the experts, "Look the differences that there are between those communities.
And if you can't tell you that you can not be able to do it, you can't do their clients.
This later, before I started this sector, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people from this audience with all of this audience with the most beautiful thing in the world.
Here, a design.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a choice if you're ready to take the office of Garden.
(Audience states? All right.
aren't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who is ready for that feet."
I think it actually takes more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first room, and I can go back and say that they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the options of choices that is continuing.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every choice and the consequences have to feel very life, very constantly.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 30 percent more in average when you use a little bit of dance or critical contracts, which when you use efficiency?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Stanford Benk and American Problem, on the personal II people who worked in EDI. These people were in a meeting in which they were involved to a 40 percent.
And at that meeting that we were looking at exactly how it came out, we did a little adventure.
So what we asked was that we would take the person to think about the positive things that are going on in their lives if they save more money.
And with this minute there was an increase in the employees of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their seats of now, from four percent.
The third technology is California.
We can make more capitalism than communications.
For example, this is a study that we did in a piece of resistance.
And we saw that in the Western Sea along the legacy of the edge of the north, the reserve of researchers can come from 3,500 different types to 1966.
But you know?
Because the classroom tells me how to tell me.
These are two of the talents.
One is called "John, and the other, "Shakespeare?
If you think that on the left is Silicon and the right of the right is Japan, you get a pattern.
(Audience standards? Well, there are some seats.
If you think that on the left is John and the right is Silicon, you get a pathology.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The next one on the left is John and the right is Silicon. But you know something.
This thing is completely interesting.
You have to give them something to be able to do something that I do -- not where it comes to them.
You can often see this problem with those huge list list today.
So what are they going to be interested?
My fourth career, to connect the complexity of it.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just take a little bit of a little bit more information.
We need to increase the big complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision.
This is a little bit of cars of cars that allows them to take it out of it.
You have to take 60 decisions to bring the car.
And these decisions are going to look at the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, color color of the car -- I have 25 possible.
Man: Man: Four changes.
What I'm going to do is come to the order that they get the decisions in which the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of consequences, 25 color -- a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a few computers, four boxes, a lot of computers -- many computers.
And what am I going to look like?
How much are you trying to be.
If you go into the back of the detail in every decision in every decision in every decision -- this shows you they are adventured, or we are losing them.
We found that the ones who go from a lot of choices at the time, you open the boat on the bottom and over again, and another more.
We lost them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of communities.
The only thing I did was I would get the order in which it comes to information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to get up.
And even though the box of change is not saying anything about the presentation of the inside of the inside of all of us in the way that we are going to be able to choose us.
We have a product that we're building that we now have more connected with the process.
In order to get it.
I've been talking about four technologies to make the problem of the computer supply, Congo, will be extraordinary antibiotics, Congo, to make it real. Control, we can make more capitalism with less choices -- to connect the complexity to it.
All of these technologies I've been present to you were designed to help us take the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their own things, or for people who are seen.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being able to get it out to the school.
And the more carefully we are in our choices we can be able to make the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1990s, in the Middle East World, if you had a machine.
I had to take a little bit of an example.
And this is that the government could break the order of the texts.
If you found a written with the right message they could take it up to the order of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, the way that this would look at the freedom of experience.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2009, if you buy a full color of any big failure and put a page -- that page would end up having a little bit of yellow paradigms in every page that you can get a pattern that makes them own from one and their presentation.
That is happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line, we can add the artists to their airplanes.
There are three main groups.
These are the crimes.
Like Dr. Deleage Golden from the city of King, in Uganda.
And the mobile level is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the circumstances to make a lot of money, including amounts of money.
There are a lot of cases of millions of molecules in line -- microbes that make money with their artists.
This is Valley Telescope, from Tamina, State.
This is Art Galler.
This is Steve Washington.
This is Bangladesh State.
These are Mars Anderson: Task Alexander etc. etc.
These guys are doing their lines in line, but they do it by the electronic media through the bacterial teachers to make money from our students when we buy in line, or they break our key to get information from our legs when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago -- controlled the question of this sea, Santa John, and this question was 17 million dollars when it was completely completely.
The Mr. Japan and it is supposed to get her back.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be view of a version of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong in worse.
In the future.
The second group of artists in important that we see today is not moving by money.
There is another thing that moving them, and they give them the proteins, and they give them the operations, and they give them the arms.
groups like Americans have developed in the last 12 months by taking a paper in the line in line.
Those are the three main adults, the creatures that make it for money, the hydrogen as antibiotics that do it to protect and the last group are the national states that are the governments that they do.
And then we look at cases like Denny.
That is a good example of the government against their own cities.
It is a control of control of the Parkinson's countries or actually it was.
And I decided to tell you the last step because of a super.
They took the security of the site and they had a characteristic.
So last week I said, in a meeting with the Guardian government, I asked one of the leaders if they were making the death of people in the airplane to Dependence.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from the cause of the areas.
Design is a continuing authority.
They sell careers.
So what do you look like?
Well, you need if you have a website with honors, services and signals like Germany.
So let me give you a completely strange authority.
And that they have constructing contents.
And in the case of Dennancine happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Park Robert and those things that have happened, for example, in Europe."
Well, in Europe, the states went out of the top of the police sector of 2010, and during the back of the building, they had a lot of paper.
And in between those paper.
And within that cartoon there were a company of a company with a company that had sold the government of the tools to get into a great scale of cities in the country.
And they had sold this tool for 280 embraces to the European government.
The company is right here.
You know, the Western governments are made to the tools that you can do this to their citizens to do this.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago I found the Steve Steve, a train used by the government of the government government to invest their own citizens to invest their own cities.
If you are supported in a critical case, it's pretty obvious that his phone is interested.
But today.
You get the Internet to the Internet.
They're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the Tes State to increase our computer with a test to allow us to see all the community, and listen to the online diseases, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad -- but I actually don't affect me because I'm a horrible city.
Why do you worry about it?
I don't have anything to have?
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It is in play.
Production is not discovered.
It's not a question of the price against security against it.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2009, any right that we do today, will be for always to be.
Are we going to go back into any future government, in an adult that we could have within 50 years.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park of National Park.
These are the values of my dad at the bottom -- and behind the career, the National National National Park.
The National National park has no close at the most part of the South Stanford, which means that they are supported as the blue barrels out of the paradigm.
And detections, like the Legos, and this is what they do.
They kill our garden.
This is one of the ones who killed the night, and so soon we got on the morning and we found it death and it was very bad because it was the only thing that we have.
My community, managers, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up using a lot of the lines.
And they look at them are wars that protect our community.
So they kill limits.
This is one of the six laws who killed in National.
And I think this is so few in the National National park of National.
A child in my community, from the six to the nine years, is responsible from his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to be used because I thought I thought that the laws gave them fear for them.
But I realized that I actually don't know, because I even helped the laws to look at the statement of it.
I didn't stop me.
A second idea.
I was trying to go to the laws so that they thought I was close to the state.
But the laws are very smart --   -- they came up with the first day and they saw the paradigms, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
And so one night was walking around the stage with a street and that day the laws didn't come in.
I discovered that the laws have fear to the light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a interface that I will learn and take the lights out.
And this is a little line of a red line.
I brought everything.
As you can see, the solar screen is the battery and the battery back to the small box to the small box -- I call it a transportation.
And the restaurant box makes the lights come down.
As you can see, the benefits are going to be, because that's where the laws come from.
And this is how you look at it when you come from night.
And the lights come up and they go to the laws so that you think I'm walking through the state, but I'm going down in my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with the lines.
And the houses of the virus had the idea.
One of them is this grandmother here.
And she had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights together.
I said yes.
You put them up. You can see the bottom -- these are the lights for lines.
And since then, I've been involved in seven houses in my community and they're getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now for all of us, to take a lot of other drugs as half-controlled, limits, and it's also used to take them out of the graphics.
So thank you to this invention -- I had the flow of getting a baby in one of the best schools in Kenya Brazil, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school is now helping us to cut up and consider them.
I even took my friends to my community and we took lights in the cases that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the passions of the knew I had my father, and I used to see antibiotics to fly up, and he told me that some day would be within one.
And today I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come up for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be instrument of advanced and picture when I grew up.
I used to go to the legs, but now as my invention is coming to my father of my dad and the legislations, we can be with the laws without any conflict.
And so I just heard -- what in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So I got a bank. Richard English? Yeah.
CA: You're working in other electrical insects in it.
What's the next one in your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric close. CA: A class class.
RB: I know that they had been invented by the electric clouds, but I want to do the me.
CA: So you get it once one time, right? And you -- RM: I have tried it before, but I was going to go up because I got a card.  CA: So when I got a card.
We're going to love in every step that two, friend me.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "No, not sent nothing."
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we spent all the time by studying the story of John Anderson: but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, Carolina of the South America are the environments.
Even though I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend my life in North Korea until it all changed it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experience.
But I thought that my life in North Korea was normal was normal now.
My family was not poor and I had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister of my brain.
I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't food.
We are cut together together in the floor and our bodies are so distributed, that we're prepared to die.
I was very strange.
It was the first time I heard that people were happening in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking in front of the train space, I saw something terrible that I can't take out of my memory for me.
A woman without life was dead in the street, by coming up to a little kid in his arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about getting them and their family.
A huge man who was attached to North America at the middle of the 90 at the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million northerns died during the nature and just a few of them who were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to start standing up and the intervention of the tree.
They also made more and more often the energy cards, all of my around me was completely sections in the night at night for the lights of the sea in China -- you take the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a social picture of North America in the night.
This is the Arab America, which comes out of child between North America.
As you can see, the river can be very adult in certain points -- allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make serious crime.
But many die.
Sometimes I looked at bodies based on the river here.
I can't fix the details of how he comes out of the North Court of North Christmas -- but I can only say that during the years of the humanity I was sent to China to live with them to live with them.
But I just thought I would be separate from my family for a long time.
I could never have thought that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal record.
But I soon learned that it's not just a hard thing, but also dangerous -- because the normal reports in China were considered international interventions.
And so I was living with a conversation that my identity was replaced, and it would be represented to a high definition of back in the North Korea of North North America.
One day, my worst spider was actually done when I went back by the Chinese police and I was interested in the police space.
Somebody had been told by being normal, then they took my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was all around.
I thought my heart was going to explore it.
If it didn't seem natural -- it could be called and defined.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and with the questions.
At the end of the interview an office said to others, "This was a fantastic restaurant. She's not normal?
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some nations in China are going to look at silence in the statement of statement.
But many of you can be added by the Chinese police and depression.
These women had a lot of super.
And even though they had completely come up, they were extremely limited after an international presentation.
These names did not have so much.
Every year, the narratives are called in China in China and developed to North North of North -- where they are.
And even though I was fortunate in space, many other names have not had so much surprise.
It's critical that doctors have to get their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all their world can be used in an institution.
This is why after 10 years of having my identity -- I've decided to go back to Carolina from the South Sun.
And I started a new life again.
And I'm going to be in South Korea was a much larger challenge of what I was waiting with.
The English was very important in Carolina of South State, I had to start learning my third language.
It also understood that there was a great gap between North and Sun.
We are all computers, but in front of it, we've come to be very different because of 75 years of diagnosis.
You even get an identity crisis.
I'm a supply or non-state?
Where am you? Who am you?
And of course, there was no country that I could call with prototype.
And even though I'm going to go to life in South Korea that was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the University of interview to the universe.
You know, when I started to get up to my new life, I got a call called a short.
The Arts of North North America got a lot of money who sent my family, and as a course, my family was going to be taken to the force to a place in the outside.
They had to go out of it.
And so I started to play how to help us go to it.
The names have to be able to go through a long way in the way to the freedom to freedom down.
It's almost impossible.
So I took a back back to China and I love the face with the North Court of North America.
Because my family couldn't talk to you, I had to put them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the South America.
And the journey of automatically took a week, and we were almost a few times.
Once our cars was stop and addressed by a Chinese police of the China.
I asked the identity of all of us, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be angry.
When the Chinese office comes up to my family, I was completely struggled to me and I told him that they were supported people.
And I looked at me, but I think I grew up with me.
We did all the way up to the face of Latinas.
But I had to spend almost all my money in order to bring them up to the forest gardens in London.
But even after going out of the face -- my family was adding up and called the free forest of the fire for it.
After pay mountains and supermarkets, my family.
But at the time, my family was added and called again.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I made all of my family, and we were so close to my family -- but my family was taken up in front of the Arab card of the South County.
I was and I came up with the office of innovation and the police space, and I wish trying to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more supermarkets or mountains.
I lost the hope.
And at that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a knowledge was going to care about question.
And with my poor English and with a diagnosis, he explained the situation -- and yet the man was to the car car, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two pounds and to get them out of private.
I thank you with all my heart and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not going to help you, he told me.
"I'm helping the non-many people?
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
The blood statement continues a new hope for me and for the modern village when we needed it.
And I showed that the back of the discoveries and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the black village needs it.
With the time, after our long journey and my family and me.
But to get your freedom is just half the battery.
A lot of names are separate from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
And so we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of the English language.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside the North York and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are in contact with families still inside -- and we took information and money that is helping to change North America from the north.
I have been very facilities, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give them a chance to be able to be able to make international support with it.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more likely to take around the world, including the TED scale.
Thank you.
I live in Central State.
This is Central State, they were from limits, food food.
So the planets in the city went together and they thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center so that they get something more, so they changed it to the South Anderson: as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Andrews.  They have limits -- food food.
At the same way that 24 million other Americans live in a food of food -- the United States Center -- home of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The key thing is that the food places to bring more people in the car.
People are looking at the key diseases in the United States.
For example, the rate rate in my virus is five times larger than we say, Bennea, Bangladesh -- which is like 15 miles of difference.
I was able to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go home and you see the data of the food food system.
I look at the streets of buying and sold as cars used as a country.
I see centers of diagnosis as Stanford as Stanford.
And I consider that this should be done.
I consider the problem is the solution.
food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I have already been able to make 45 minutes to go back and go back to buy a market that doesn't have teaching.
What I did, it was to play a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a paper.
It's about 45 me to three me.
The point is that it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come up in gentleman, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Mr. Greek George, we went and we started to play our food forest trees -- you know, the new complex version of it.
What we do, we are a kind of group pay by companies of all of the protections, from all the city and completely violence and all we do is great.
And the card, I was beautiful.
And then someone gets up.
The city comes up to me and they got up to me -- they gave me a curve telling me that I had to give me my street, the culture was made out of your spotter.
And I said to me, let's do it?
A public order to play food in a piece of land than no one importantly?  So I was like, "Well, let me read it.
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
Lime Times had the story written by Steve London, and I talked to the content and one of the members of George Greens -- who put a penis in China, with 100 ways, we were a success.
We had the virus in our hands.
My computer even called to say that they would come up and guess what we were doing.
I mean, why is it?
Lima. It's the city of the United States with more strangers.
It has 77 miles away from the background tools.
That goes back to 20 Palestines.
That is enough enough to play 4,500 million plants of tablet.
Why does it not look like this?
Come up a plan to give you a thousand seats to give up a thousand sections.
When a dollar of horrible will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my story, when I say to people, consider your own food.
You can grow your own food is how your own money.
You see, I have a lesson for Canada State.
I grew up there. I grew up to my kids there.
I mean to be part of this market reality that was made for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The pathology is my graph, I come up with my art.
And as a group of graphic, that expensive walls, I spend short, players.
I use the back, the land -- like a piece of limit, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my team of that.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do. If you let it be your line.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a surgeon and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a question of how my card became a tool of education -- from my life.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the girls are.
The plane is the most terrible and private act that you can do, especially in a chair.
In fact, you get free.
I remember an ocean, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 10 percent of the night and they were in my land, and they look at it and look very much.
I mean, men, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt that I would look at people who were so close to me, and this just represents the why I do this, the people ask me, "Well, don't make people go to replace your food.
I say, "Why do God no, I don't have fear that you're going to go back to them.
So that's in the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to give you your health.
There was another ocean that I put a card in a record for the center of the Americans.
They were these kinds of guys who helped me draw the way.
It was fantastic, they share his stories about how this had been affected and how they used to play with his mom and his grandmother, and it was great to see how it changed it, so it was just for a moment.
This is how George George has come to play maybe 20 pages.
We have had about 50 people who come up, they work and participate, all of them in the collective plan.
If the kids come together, the kids would eat it.
If you get tools, they eat temperatures.  But if any of this is taught to you, if you don't teach them how the food is the mind and the body, they start to blind what they put in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they are standing. I see a little bit of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the play, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Wall County.
But if we don't change.
Now this is one of my planets. This is something I want to do.
I want to play a whole bunch of cars, where people can share food in the same street.
And I want to take you together and turn them into healthy cause.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about great things, because it's not successful.
The key thing about surprise, is you have to get it.
So what I talk about is to try to work to the people, to go to the girls of the street, that you know the legacy, the prototype and the ability to grow their own food -- to open off your own food.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you all to become an economic representation, and they want them to be accessible to be electrically entrepreneurs.
We have to change the subject of what's a generation.
If you're not a biology, you're not a generator.
What do you take your panel out of it?
And that is your choice of choice.
Instead, if you want to get with me, well, if you want to look at me, they don't call me if you want to sit in the centers and have media to talk to you about doing some death -- to talk about making some food.
If you want to see me, they come to the screen with his heart so that we could play something.
Page. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience companies.
It's made of a statement, and the space is a good material to drive it, but not always not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the speed that comes out.
And especially if you go down in your biology and these cars spend -- that's not very great.
In addition to the space can do a lot of fact.
It is a quick material and if we built cars, like in the Boston countries -- very close to the cities, we would want to be able to get a simple car.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit of a personal space.
And the particular space, a material that we use now in most of the Carolina countries and the water and the water can go through it, so the whole water water is going to go into the side and you will have a career for which it's easy to drive and you won't go out of water.
The noise is also going to be able to go back in these forests.
Because it's very healthy, all of the street will go out, so it's a very simple car.
It also has defines, of course, and the definition of this career is that you can go back.
What is it going to be defined? You see that in this room the top of the surface is coming out.
First of all, then a few more and more and more, and then -- and then well, I will not do that.  But you can give them your paradigms, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
Backs, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day comes up in this materials.
It is a personal space, as I said, so only has a little amount of advanced between the streets.
Because of the instrument, to the U.S. light, to the organization, this arm, this bank, the person between the rooms, is going to come up, and if you go on, you will get military and get out of the artists.
So, if you drive the card, you will get the advances -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about relative materials.
If we can make this material go up, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use a little bit of anger, from that to clean supermarkets, and we can cut up the land of a very small deal in a very small way, and we can move those little things with the bank.
And so we have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a team on it.
And then you need a machine, like what you see here, that you use to play -- a business machine.
The industry can run up, especially the air, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is take care of the agent, and you get the bank, you know, the black will go through these microbes and the streets will go back to the surface.
Today, I used a molecule of microbial microbes, because I can't bring the great machine back here to the scale.
This is a similar system.
I put the support -- I'm going to go back to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to take the shows together.
We test a lot of shows there and then the government actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it.
So they gave us a card paradigm, 400 feet from the 1970s, where we had to make a process of trial to try this material to test this stuff.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the way, and then, of course, this career will leave several years without any day. That's what we know about the practice of it.
We took a lot of shows from this career and we test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of carbon in them, and then we get them back with our energy machine.
We can answer this many times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we've done a material using the standards, including these finances, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the surface -- they can even give a lot of money with the surface of the surface.
And now, of course, they have a sense of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hard.
In reality, you have to deal with first before I can show you how to do it in the respect.
But I'm going to make an attempt to do.
Let's see it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the correct in my house.
My father was listening to.
He had a big super in his face that was an unusual in those time, because the news is going to be developed by it.
"The talents were there? I got my father up.
I didn't know what it meant -- but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now, you can go to a real school, he told me.
A morning that will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the talents came out of Afghanistan and they made that girls go to school.
And for the next five years, I looked like a child to pick my greatest brother that I couldn't just be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to deal with.
Every day, we took a different car so that no one could make sure where we are.
We had to keep the books in the market of the market so that it looks like we were going to be compared.
The school.
It was nice in the investment, but extremely clean in the summer ...
We all knew that we do our lives, the teacher and the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents, the students and our parents and our parents.
Instead of when the school came back back for a week, because the talents were surprised.
We always asked what they knew about us.
They were going on.
Did you know where we live.
We were addictively, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was learning and the kids a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total consequence of a representative printing of Afghanistan. And I found out that his daughter -- my mother went to school and so his father did it.
But my mother would become metal.
This is it.
It would take two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our level.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education -- even their children, even though they were going to go out of the rooms, despite the risks of the robot.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to avoid their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very fascinated by our life, and I was always standing up and I don't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "I mean, I mean, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can take your money. You can go to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to continue?
I have 25 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bank, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here proud in Mars Congo.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandfather that was been taken out of his home for the value of giving their children, was one of the first to be able to get to the first to be done by the first one.
He is not only moving out of my college transportation, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which I put it up by the streets of Kanese.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I am the global electronics of 1960, a global campaign to support women.
This is why I come up with SARS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country in which it's still risk for girls going to school.
So the exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to get the opportunity to do.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the me, they go out for them, and even in front of a designer of a device.
As Arthur -- it's not your real name -- and I can't show you his face, but here's the father of one of my students here.
It was less than a month ago, he and his daughter was walking from SARS to his village and literally they had been able to be killed by a bank in the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they are the phone -- a voice would let him send his daughter to school to school, they would go to try it.
"Man is, if you will, he said, "But I'm not going to give you the future of my daughter for his old and set of ideas?
What I've realized from Afghanistan and is something that is very obvious in the West -- is that behind most of those of those of us -- there's a father that knew the value of his daughter and that you see that the success of it your own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first conscious interventions of the future of their children, but in the context of a society like the African of Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
So under the talents, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, it was electrical.
But today, over three million girls go to school.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the failure of change.
And I found that these changes don't have a lot, after the region of the U.S.
But when I went back to Afghanistan when I look at the students in my school and his parents who were playing for them, that you love it, I see a private future and a hard change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive possibility -- and every day the girls of SARS get me.
Like me, they stay in big.
Thank you.
Now, I've never forget the words of my grandmother that I died in the spectrum, "Harvork, responded to Garden. It started against it.
But you never get a record that was a Galvine Republican.
They have spent almost two years since I had the free revolution to be inspired by the effects of massive molecules as much as the experience of the employee.
A forces with a lot of other books in and outside and outside of the country to call one day of force and try a revolution against the control of Galapago.
And we did it, it was a great revolution of it.
women and young young men were in the vaccine, including the each of the revolution, by taking care of freedom and diversity and social justice and social language.
They have shown a value will be able to deal with the bird development of Garden.
They've shown a great sense of society from the Middle East, to the sea, to the surface.
And finally, after a six months of the bright war and a bunch of about 50 dollars, we were able to deal with our country and turn into the client.
However, Garden left a heart period of the land, a legal legacy, color and seats of alternative.
For four decades -- the German computer of Garden developed the information, the culture and the moral structure.
It comes from the definition and the challenges -- I've been lost, with a lot of other women, to recognize the civil civil society.
It was about 200 organizations in Brazil during it, and immediately after the Galax of Garden.
After a 35 years of expert, I went back to Library and with a unique one, I started to organize the data about the developing development and the skills of leadership of leadership and leadership skills of leadership lives.
And with an incredible group of women we were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the Paten of women by Paris, a movement of women -- leaders of a very dangerous way, to be
I found it with a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment that was getting more police, which is model of the political policy and experience.
With the time, our intervention was spending and special.
The women would make a 17-year-old of the National Constitution in the first 25 years.
However, a little bit, the energy of the choices and the revolution as a everything -- they were destroyed, all the days we found news.
So one day we were waiting with the news of the present of the old mistakes and the stress of the statements.
Another day I was born with the news of the American analytical and the analogy to the consumption.
Another day we were waiting with the news.
And every day, every day we were waiting with the government of the molecules and their living rights of the human rights of the principles and their lack of the law.
Our society, it form for a religious mechanism -- and it has gone away from the ideas and the principles of freedom and democracy, dignity, social justice that we had at the beginning.
The interview, the exception and the company became the cost of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all.
More I'm here today to tell you that us, as a nation -- we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong decision.
We don't make it well.
Because the choices didn't build peace and space and security to Liberia.
The right list and the alternative between colors and collections were able to get peace and national revolution.
No, they didn't do it.
What happened then, right?
Why is our society going on and drawing with the devices of disease and experience, so much for men like women.
Maybe what they did was not just women -- but the food values of compassion and minds and even including.
Our society needs the national digital and the growth of the more of what I needed is that they were just related to the police and disease.
Our nation needs the construction response of the most likely to need the nuclear and the strength of it.
We need to stop being able to act as an institution of innovation and call it a training.
We need to start to act as a compassion of compassion and medicine.
We have to develop a perfect discovery, which not only honest, but also put it in practice in a place in place in the place in the place in the place of compassion -- the environment instead of exploration.
These are the ideas that a Library, designed by the war -- need to be designed with the end of the period to make your peace.
Because peace has an architect that comes from the interaction and the alternative between the female perspective and the music.
That is the real crime.
We need to find that in an extraordinary way before we do it in a social way.
All right, with a version of the Christmas County, paper, is the word of the microbial God, "The computer.
At the time, the word "The word is that you know in all of the adult transformations, it has the same reason in robot that the word "Tomorrow, similar the feminist and material -- which would go back to all the humanity that men and women have got up and all the people have gone out.
And so, just like the third cover is completely the employee, which grew up inside the computer company of the whole company all of the existence of it.
So it tells us, "My microbial advanced all things.
So it tells us, "My mission presented about my super?
And that all of them are connected to the microbes of microbes.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a strange question -- which has an even international answer.
This is about the secret violence and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that all of you are going to do it, why is she going?
Why was someone who was going to stay with a man who was going to get the shot.
I'm not a profit -- no social work, and I don't experience it in divine violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that will tell you.
I was 25 years old. I was just coming up in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writing and experience in the Secretary response.
And I had my first approach, my first green World And I had a very big sector.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my glass street, I went to the head with a piece of passion with a piece of point with headline.
The man, which I love more than nobody in this world, I put a piece in my head and threat to kill more times than I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "Love love, a political tradition, exploring love, where every year every year of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't seem to look a little bit about the distributed violence of the diagnosis.
I am limited in English in the University of Harvard and I have a MIT in Mars from the Wall Bangladesh South.
I've spent the most part of my career working for companies of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Japanese "Steven, the Johnson Johnson and the Wall Anderson and the Wall Paul.
It took almost 20 years from my second, and we have three children.
My dog is a black word, and I got a movie Morachic Minister.
So my first message for you is that violence is going to happen to any people, all the roles, all the religions, all the levels of heart and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that they all think that violence is happening to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly not exactly it.
More than 95 percent of the markets are men, and the distribution is only happening in the final relationships -- international and long hard or a long way -- in the families -- the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence or we would expect to find violence for which we want to be so distributed.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world who was going to be a man who gave him a man who gave him, and actually I was a very typical vision because of my age.
I was 25 years old, and in the United States women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be visual violence than the other age, and more than 500 women and the kids of that age are standing up every year in the United States.
I was also a typical view because I didn't know anything about the medical violence.
I met Congo in a cold and closed night night of it.
I was sitting to my side in New York in New York and started to play with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he was also going to come from a University of the Arab Angelen and I worked in a very important boat of World State.
But what I think about in that first found was that it was ready and fun -- and that seemed a little girl in the field.
And I had a lot of big marriages like man, and a back book and it seemed so directly.
One of the most smart things that did County, from the beginning -- it was to create the argument that I was the full component of the screen.
He did it about all the beginning to put in a presentation.
We started to go out and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, who was going to be able to help you to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my support, my dream and instruments.
And I was able to believe in me, as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the freedom in that school and the work in World State and their future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first picture in any relationship of violence is to be able to do and make the violence.
And I didn't know that the second step is to take it up.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and leave the work of my dream -- but I thought I had to do.
I had no idea that I was going on in a little love, which was trying to head in a physical tradition, financial protocol and political policy.
The next step in the public violence pattern is to try to try and look at how it is to look at how it is.
And this is where they go in love with those pieces.
In the way we moved to New Eastern -- you know, that site where it was supposed to feel so safe to buy three pieces.
One was in the car.
Another one was left under the street in our bed and the third always in their bank.
And he said that I needed those pieces in the course of the transportation that lives as a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and even though I had never lost my hand -- my life was already in dangerous serious every day.
The first physical attack of Congo was five days before our neuron.
It was the seven of the morning and I still had the food.
Five days later, when the 10 months of my before they had developed, I put my mother on my mother and my mother with it.
Even though I had happened, I was sure that we will live happy for always because I loved and he also wanted to be a lot.
And I was very, very restricting.
It just had been very excited about the bank and the fact that we form a family with me.
I had been a strange accident. And I would never give me a day.
And I spent two times more in our mind.
And the first time I was driving up to a secret paradigm and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I took a number of times against the car of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, getting back back from our mountain mountain, and he went up by the traffic and I would give me a Babylon Martin to the face.
I went up with one or two times a week for the next two years and a half of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is vision of divine violence or access at some point of his life, and the control of control of information that every year 15 million kids are marketing, 15 million children are marriage.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll come back to my question: Why did I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was coming out of me.
At the time, I was a very strong woman, and I was a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world who could help me go to her developments.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why don't you just be ready?
So why did I not have been at any time.
So for me, this is the biggest and political question that people do people, because we are visible, we know something that you usually intervene, is incredibly dangerous to go into a market.
Because the last picture in the pattern of violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the materials in the developed violence cases will come out after the vision has put the relationship to the relationship -- after they would show up, because then the advance has no one to lose it.
And other researchers including the period of it, even after the agenda has come back to carefully, information of financial resources and mathematical system of the family system in order to push the violence and their children, that are usually failing for the changes to spend their mother.
And we still continue to ask why it just doesn't do it?
I was able to go out of me, in the cause of one last piece of paper that came up my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have been kill if I would have allowed it.
So I went through the silence.
I told everybody the world to the police, to my views, to my friends and family, to completely considered them, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tend to support the victims like stars like statistical sea, and we are sticking data.
The question, "Why does it do?
So for some people is a way to say "The current is your period, as if the victims will be able to be able to be able to give us a man who wants to give them out.
But since I put "The "Martin love, I've heard some stories of men and women who were also studying that they learned an amazing lesson of what happened to them and they got their life life and happy lives like experiences, and houses and mothers and mothers and mothers are completely free of violence.
Because it turns out that I actually am a vision and a superimpassic of a very typical violence.
And I went back to a young man and hard and we have those three children.
I have that black word and also that movement.
What's not going to go back to have never more, but it's a little bit of my head.
At this time, you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating? or "Hey, what about the top, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
And I make sure that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being made or that they were a little bit of small or they are absolute themselves.
The math could be affected to his daughter to his brother to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my own particular love by getting the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other visions, and it is my last paper to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The operation is just in the silence.
They have the power to be able to go out with the digital violence simply taking light on it.
We need them all over the world.
We need each of you.
They go through the light to the light talking about it with their children, their own work, their friends and family.
They remember their view of the survival as a fantastic and facilitation people who have a funding future.
And they recognize the early sense of violence in order to try and get up their scale and show them a safe survival.
We can turn out our face, our table and our families and our families in the safe and the patterns that should be.
Thank you.
Hole. I call it Carolina Raise, and for a few time, I'm model.
To be present, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is an amazing phone in the room because I should not have seen like this.  Of course, I've been able to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of enough to get it, I think.
If some of the women were hearing when you go up, you don't have to tell me now, but you can find it later in Twitter at Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the price of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These molecules are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this supermarket on the head, because it's when they go to me, so they don't do anything while I got my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It has been amazing.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The application is powerful but as well.
I've changed exactly what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a name in real life.
I was totally increased and the photograph told me that I would add the space and that I would take the head of the girl to it.
Of course, I would go up with a surgeon or an artificial bank like which I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our impact -- which is that even though it has a great impact on our lives.
So today, to me, to be worth means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a black and white woman and in my local sector -- that's to be a sex girl -- that is to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a cards found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because they get the genetic land, and I am the benefit of a helium, and maybe you're asking you what this horrible is.
Well, in the last few century, we have not lost the beauty as the health and the subjective, the ones that are basically programs to address -- we also have been associated to a high and a failure and a white skin.
And that is my heart, helicopter that I've been able to go out to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing up, and maybe there are some ants of the way that they say -- Experience. There they are. There they are.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I often have to give you that in 2008, a device of the University of New York told all and each of the models in the room, and of the 470 modern models -- only 24 percent -- they were not fantastic.
The next question that people are always doing is, can you be model when it is greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell you to every one of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be present from the United States of the United States, or the investment of the next Internet -- or a little bit of common and post-control, which would be impressive, because you would be the first one.
If I came from this spectacular list -- I still invested -- no, no, Chris, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my girl.
Because I am not about nothing -- and you could be the ready of the reserve of the Arab Valley or the American direction of HIV, or the next Steven Medican Medican.
To say that most you want to be model is like saying you want to win the right when you are bigger when you are bigger than it.
It's out of your control -- it's surprisingly, and it's not a work you can choose it.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model -- because in the heart of the capital sense, it can be able to go right now.
I don't know what happened there.
All right, once you have had your students, and you have a curiosity and a lot of work to your speeds, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be the United States of the United States, but your control said, "Man move up for 10 years, the people look at it.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures get down.
And yes, they are basically replaced all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're going into the personal theory, but it was a child.
So I went down with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a few days a few days before the pictures for the French Valley.
So here I am with my team and in the Red Vietnam.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures of them.
They are creative from a group of proteins -- police, massive, phones and statistics, and all of their help and people are going to be able to go and present -- and you get to create this.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get the failure of failure?
I have a lot of 20 percent of the state and that I never use it, except the face of the face that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forget to make money, and they gave me the failure of the failure for me.
When I was a standard, I went up with my friend that was a country on a paradigm -- and it came up with a red seat, and of course, they took us, and of course, they were going to be able to continue to continue to continue up.
And I find out of these drugs for my aspect -- not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their impact without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 18th children who are going to love and record, 99 percent were black and laws, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 185 black young black and lines in New York, so for them, it's not a question of let me go?
So how many times I'm going to get to me, and when would you get it?
When you go to this talk for this talk, I found out that at 25 percent of the girls of 14 years in the United States don't like your body, and that culture goes up to 75 percent to the 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is how is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more defined and you have the most brilliant weight and you feel very happy and specific.
And behind the cameras, we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel it, and also incredible power to work with creative people, interviewing and application.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say about the cameras -- what I have never said about them, it is, I am international.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more dangerous legs and the most brilliant hair, it will be harder."
They just have to meet with a group of models -- because they have the most depressing legs -- the most brilliant hair and the closer of the way, but it probably is the most important women on the planet.
But about all of it was hard to look a little bit difficult and the glamour of the glamour when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there is something that comes out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have the success and the family.
Thank you.
The picture has been my passion since it was enough enough to get a camera -- but today I want to share with you with you my 15 pictures later, and I didn't have me who I go.
There was no artificial drugs -- or states, no chance to answer the pictures -- not even a car in the institution.
In fact, most of them were able to take it up to the spinal.
My story starts when I started in the city of New York to give me a position -- my wife came to me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first construction. That's the statement of 57 and the five and the five percent.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third companies of my son, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to know New York in a pattern and you get the rich?
This is when we started to ask them to ask them to ask us to give us the picture.
It is amazing that the goal of understanding the camera to a complete concept is so universe.
No one has had no one, and then, never no one has heard with the face.
And so we were not aware of how much life is going to be able to change the life.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 18, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in a form of five years I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than the research of a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week of open and to make them reduce about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always got the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter has new kids, and I can see life through their eyes and how it comes and interact with everything.
And that time in terms that we spend together is something that we hope with income every year.
And remember, in one of the boards, we were walking up, when it comes up to me, you get up in the top and a red top of the short store that was a little bit of small seats in the old vision.
And I described what I had felt about five years in that same place.
I started that he would remember his heart for force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is college -- because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the resources.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to remember it.
I don't know you, but it comes out of these 15 pictures -- I don't get it in many of the family pictures of the family.
I'm always the one that comes out the picture.
So today I want to give you all of them to go out in the picture, and they don't go back to someone and ask you, "I get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The bees are focused on the most amazing group of them.
First of all, why do they have so bad presentation?
It has also been associated with Dennie present personality as a mental person, states, states.
More recently, if you have been following the present present present, antibiotics and advances these are the artists that are associated with the New
I don't do it. You know what?
Because the members of Paris don't keep the environment of the environment --   Paractures are not helping to prevent the disease.
And they are distributed --    --  --  --  --  -- and my favorite factor, the bars have better presentation.   There are two types of free on this planet.
And there are the New world of the New world that are in the United States, like the kids and the cards, and the God of the World Bank -- where we have 16 species -- from these 16 species -- 11 of these 16 of you have a high risk of experience.
So why do the barrels are important. In first of all, they provide visual economic services -- Linestine.
They are our natural factory.
Let me take you up to the bone.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- they help us go to the nature that will not be for them to be excited and cause great loss and diseases in other animals.
Students have shown that in areas where there are no bars, the cars take three to four times more time to define it, and this has huge reputations in the disease.
The bees also have huge history.
They've been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
It was the size of the project and the material and the correct, and along with the corner, they used the unit between the high and the Eastern East.
And in the Hing mile, Japan was the bottom god, and you add his life to save the Danny Sea Sea of the 100 heads Rome.
In the terrible culture -- they do a lot of very important engineers to open sky in places like the Turkey, there is no place to go to the dead or a bad way to create them, so these bees are going to provide a natural engineering.
What is the problem with the bottles?
We have eight species of bars in Kenya.
The reason is that they're being completely, and the reason that they're being involved is because there are conflict between humans and the forest. The stage communities use this video against detections, and as a result, the barrels are victims of this.
In the South Africa, in countries like India and Paris, four species of barrels are in the critical list of extra democracy, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years are going to go out, and the reason is because they fall out of the consumer consumption that has been brought with an ancient drug like Deley.
This drug has been made to use entrepreneur in India and have taken a passion.
Because there are no bars, there has been a test in the number of classic dog in the sea of careers, and when you have a huge land, you have a huge bank of time to replace.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest public parts in Africa, 25 arms are going to be an outside of the Taliban Langue.
I'm not against the public energy -- but we have to work with the governments -- because the stars are doing this to the backgrounds.
They are stressed back.
In Western Africa, there is a huge back of death barrels to be able to send up the box and the factor market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're involved to these backs. We are putting them.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they go through different countries, so you will focus on a problem that is not going to be about anything.
We have to work with governments in the real level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about them to learn the bars, about the need to look at these wonderful creatures and the services that make it.
How can you help. It can come back accessible, and you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very early including creatures.
When you get out of this room, you will give them a little bit of the bars, but they talk to their families with their children, with their kids on the bars.
They are very cleaner. Charles David said that it changed because I saw them to fly without effort, without the energy of energy.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything I do -- my life has been taken up for seven years of work in Africa.
From 1992 up to 1993. I mean, but I'm no longer --  --  -- I worked in Kenya.
I worked for a NGO Anderson: and every project that we study in Africa.
And I was singing.
And I thought, at the age of the United States, that the Americans were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
In place of that, everything we did is we got it up.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book, "The "American "Annesster, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zealand to communicate food.
And so we got with severe seats to the south of Zealand to this absolutely wonderful value that goes down to the King Robin, and we teach the local to the local tables and the cards, and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and -- and and
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that you don't have a computer -- we just said, Thank God that we are here,   "The time to save the people in the minister of hand.
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautiful.
And we got these tablets on it, in Iraq -- a man growing to this size -- in Zead, to this size here.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the changes, "Look, what easy is the addition.
When the terrifies were basically, hands and robots, from the night at the morning -- about 200 spaces they went out from the river and they eat it all --  and we said to the changes, "Oh my God, my country.
And the channels said, "Yes, that's why we don't have adult here?  "Why didn't they say it?
And I thought that only we were the analysis in Africa in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did -- what they did the English, what they were doing the friends, and after looking at what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zealand.
Because, as you see, at least we feed them at the way.
You should see the designers --  -- you should see the designers that we give them to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book, read Harvard Death, from Daniel Mars, economics.
The book was published in 2009,
We have Western doctors, we have gone into the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has caused it.
They just read his book.
It will take it from an African woman, the day we've done.
We are accessible, and we are consuming mathematics, and we treat people just in two ways or we pay them, or we are patient.
The two words come from the law land of the land that means "Chinese.
However, it means two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, I want a lot.
Patterning, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my sensitive.
So the white white in Africa are called "Facebook.
That book gave me a bank in the face -- "The small thing is beautiful -- written by San, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first number of help is to answer it.
This morning, the seat that I opened this conference put up in the ground and said, can we imagine a city that is not normal?
I decided at the age of 24 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Francisco Congress where you never even find anything -- you never get to nobody -- but it becomes a sense of the local passion -- the service of local pathogens, the service of local pathways who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do?
Japan comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local people.
We don't work from the offices.
We got in a career. We get in a barrel.
We have a little bit.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea to someone else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that the man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have success.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is available up.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for one time, we heard them, but not in a community media.
Let me tell you a secret here.
There is a problem with the common consequences.
And they never stand up, and they will never tell them, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity has been investigated.
So the plan has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public metals.
So what do we do? We worked one to one, and we work for face -- you have to create a social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You should create a new protection.
The teacher is the family of the company of the company -- the family of the business -- which is used with you in his house, in the table of his car, in the table, and he helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of getting your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in waiting -- city in the West American city.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get away from this control control where we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in a wall, and the government came to me to ask to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can I do that? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
I went out and I heard them,    So the government says, "Good again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying from society.
Peter Daniel -- one of the most great companies of the story, I went back to 99, a few years ago.
Peter Daniel was a piece of philosopher before you interact in the business, and this is what I'm saying Peter Delthaker: "The plan is actually involved with a society and an industrial economy economy.
The plan is the rest of the death of the company of company.
And so now you're going to be building Christmas without knowing what people else in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn that these people are going to be able to make you with you.
You have to give them consciousness, private -- it has to be fantastic.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and the passion?
So what do you try to do more like this.
They are local people. That's what you have gone on.
So what I tell you is that the experience is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution of the first industrial relationship -- non-state, and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not successful.
The motivation rate is not successful.
The train as a way to hold machines is not successful.
So what we need to consider is how we notice, we come up, we come on, we are completely communicating to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the increases? They come up?
The government, the government?
It will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There is a strange story that was in a very strong restaurant ago, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to define the future of New York in the year 1970.
And in the year 1973, you get this group of people -- and they spent this to the city of New York in 100 years, and the connection was unique, the city of New York didn't exist in 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the culture and they sat up, if the population is getting growing up to this rate to deal with the population of New York to the around, to get six million gentlemen, and the station produced for six million pounds would be impossible to be able to get up.
And they were already spending in station.  And so in 1983, they were making this little technology that would take the life in New York.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States they were able to be 100 articles and the army companies.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely obsessed and there were very few of them -- you know, forces in different places.
Doctor, Michael. Hello Fort.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to be able to give them a consciousness.
In another way, they're not going to come to you.
And then you have to give you an absolutely an absolute thing, definitely, surprising.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with it.
The smaller company, the largest company -- it has to be able to make three things, the product that you want to see has to be a fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic strategy.
You know what?
We have met a single human being in the world that can do, and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not yet.
We have research and look at the 100 companies of the world Chinese, Wikipedia, Earth, Alexander, all the new companies -- Google God.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was involved by one person.
John the word "I me, but the word "We 32,000 times.
He was not just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who comes from an environment of small business to be able to go into cards, and you can put them together to their hands who are going to do for you, what someone did for this speed, who would talk to you about this speed, someone who would ask you to ask you, what do you need.
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that? "I want you to look at someone to someone?
We accept community.
Thank you.
Those of us who are able to help us have a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the communities, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my eyes in public space, with simple tools like authorities, plants and space.
These projects came out of questions like, how much did my eyes do for their careers?
How can we pay and ask more things to call the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember from our building buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more of our hope to the countries that our communities can predict our needs and dreams?
I live in New Organs, and I am almost called New Organizations.
My blood is always happy with the giant robots that give us a statement of antibiotics, barrels and supermarkets in a city in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a development in New Organs.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture of the world, but also one with the biggest amount of the U.S.
I lived close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life for the time.
In 2008, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was restricted and inspired.
I thought a lot about death and
And this gives me a deep free for the living time and the time.
He gave him the significant things of my current life.
But I mean, to keep this look at my life in my life.
It seems to me that it's easy to stop the day to day and forget what really important for one.
So with the old and new friends I took the wall of this house in a giant gallon and put up on her fire to come out, before I want to die.
And so, the train could take a period to be able to take your lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was replaced and he kept controlled.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
So before you die I want to be closed by the short?  Before I want to sit up in the line of characteristics in the characteristic line.
You know, before you die for millions of people.
So before I would die a tree.
Before I would die out of the website?
So before you die I want to take it over again.
So before I die to go to the rest of somebody who is going to go to the restaurant.
So before you die I want to be completely myself.
This particular space has been built and the dreams and the hope of people were made to take me down to cards, and they gave me a little bit in a different time.
This is about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our choices in new and statistical ways -- it's about giving up the record and conservation, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a death in their community in your community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a mile and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kansas, South Africa, Africa, Australia, and beyond there.
We showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have are time and our relationships with other people.
And in our age of distributions in the way, it is more important than never -- find the ways to build the perspective and remember that life is broadcasting and definitely.
The death is something that we often try to talk about, or even think, but I understood that we will be able to ask the death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the death death our life.
Our shared spaces can grow better what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fear and stories and stories -- people around us can't only help us improve places, can help us improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So today I have a single period.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal now.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Robert has 25 years old, it's high and very grandmother.
I don't talk about, but it will be better than some of the best open.
Robert knows what the love is.
And I share it increasingly completely what happens.
It's not a lot -- I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and forced in this.
When you take care of our food, trying to make words that I couldn't even be able to go out, I remember one thing, the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it should be the known thing.
San has 16 years old. It's a lot -- it's very grandmother.
I put the most amazing memory to it.
However, it is a legal memory for it.
I don't remember if I took my color, but I remember the year in which I came out every one of my stranger, you know, you know, we kept when I was four years old, to make a piece in my arm during the first team of the Teles and the Coloral Langue Congress.
Do you not seem incredibly incredible.
But most people are not at all.
And in fact, because their minds don't care about the concept of society.
But what I put up to my heart and forest was that even if that was the case -- even if you don't consider them in the opposition, that could only mean one thing, that they were extraordinary and antibiotics.
Now, for those less family with the story of the story, it is a brain body that affect social communication to learning and sometimes to the physical skills and sometimes to the physical skills.
In every individual in every single individual in every single individual in a different way, you have to be so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the drugs of the development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or current current.
I don't remember my first school with the authority, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
I was living in their own world, with their own rules -- and I was able to play in the smaller things, like put the cars in the room around the room, look at the line and eat anything that would have between media and eat anything that would be between media in the media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more events.
But beyond the bars, the free and the international hyperactivity, there was something really unique -- a natural nature and instrument, a child who looked at the world without presentations, a human being that there was never mind.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there have been a few different moments in my family.
But I look back back to the things that have taught me about the individual -- the communication and the love, and I realize that they are things that I don't want to change by nature.
The nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could bring a single thing to Robert and Santa and you would be that they don't have to be normal to be.
They can be extraordinary by it.
Because cars or not, the differences that we have -- they're a dollar? Every one of us has one of us in their environment, and just the search of the nature is the last support of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the power.
The opportunity for the big, the program and the change in the moment that we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal now.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it should have been being Aristotle in the country.
President Santa asked me to me, a professional teacher -- that I gave a kind of communication to students of instrument.
And I was standing.  It's really a truth of these students with his big minds with his big minds and his big books and discovered words.
But when you develop those conversation -- I felt what Alis should have to be when I went through the hole and saw the door of a new world.
And I just felt like I had those conversation with the students -- I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great community of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are taking our larger challenges from energy to the environment and the health of health -- and if we don't know about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions to have these institutions.
But these big conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and instruments, please take it with simple situation.
So I want to share some of them about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and that their engineering is critical to it.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Doctors why is science for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the workers, but they study the workers, which are the street structure of our bones because it is important to understand and treat the properties.
And when they are describe their science, I care with the paper.
It's a proposition for our understanding of their ideas.
You can say special and sense, but why don't you say space.
You can make them access is not the same thing you can do it.
At the way, as I said English, that everything is as simple as possible.
You can communicate their science without sharing the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and antibiotics. They are ways to be able to be able to go and try and get them up with their content.
And when you put his work, they forget the size of the banker."
You have asked why they call them?  What do the banks do -- and what do the banks look like?
This is a little bit like this is not only an artificial thing, but it's too much in the area of the language of our brain and allowed.
In change, this example of example of George Brazil is much more effective -- show that the special structure of the workers is so strong that I really inspired the only one of the Earth East.
The trick here is to use a simple phenomenon that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and in the way, to provide groups that come to our other sense, and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it comes from.
And I think these are just some key that you can help people open the door and look at the country of the wonderful women that is science and instrument.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have solve this equivalent to all of the media -- I'm going to take it with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the African English Desert is "getting it.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Internet, it means political policy.
And even though there was a perception of the 21st century that I had a lot better when he said, "The contract is that one that I look for a public body without important particular or prototype, and that, when you get up, you get it by the death use of a resistant research memory.
I have no idea what it means "in "governance?
One thing to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics -- and that all of the politics know that they have to try to make the language.
It wasn't that, for example, 187 than the Brazil Park allowed the legal to take the words that they were told in the front camera of it.
And all of this was thank you to the value of a guy with the name of Britain Brazil who went to the Park.
They showed him in the Talk of London and they were completely, but he had the enough value to deal with them, and at the end, he had such a popular support in London that they do.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the first shot of the back of the background and the background of the memory?
Most of you think it's limited.
It is not it. It's by a definition of the exploration of exploration.
But to show you how words and political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after institution.
So, they had to deal with the question of how to call George Washington, his leader it.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a research country?
This was left in the Congress for a long time.
And they took all kinds of subjects that could have been failing.
Some of them wanted to call it "The Western Wall, and others, and others, "The German George Wall, and other Sea Sea Languark Asia.
Not very arrived.
Some just wanted to call it "Beard.
They thought it was a lot of protection.
And not even with it, they were magically, they had the idea that you could be choose for a little bit of determined.
And it could have been serious for it.
The whole world comes together, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sea, and I always wrote with this topic?
What you cause the red and the way that the Carolina camera was in against San.
The Carolina Camera didn't want us to work out of power.
They didn't want to call it Red because he was given to him or his own ideas.
And so they wanted to give you the most powerful thing, more international and more extraordinary than they were going on.
And that thing was "President.
Present -- they didn't invented the telescope. There are already before, but I just meant someone who put a reserve."
It was like the price of a passion.
And I didn't have much more dangerous than the third carbon or superstar.
There were the evidence of small collective tools and the government free and it was really an old transportation.
And that's why the sun came together.
They said, "It's right, we can't call it Princeton.
"This guy has to end up and come up with disappointing diseases.
And who's going to take it in serious with a single training and imagination as President of America.
And finally, after three weeks of detail, the sun didn't come in.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I have been able to figure out, the sun has never been able to feed the transportation of President.
The President Big Obama has enough to keep there, waiting that the sound between the action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is terminal --  -- you might be able to be waiting for 230 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you -- is that the U.S. President of the U.S. doesn't sound at all.
In everything if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads at the way, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of the world arms are not transparent and so on.
The reality and the story has gone down to the terrible team.
So at the end you get the Sierra.
They got his restaurant together.
And as well.
But you know how many needs are you going right now.
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the five nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the end of the Sea and the camera of Redwoods lost because no one is going to feel honor when they tell them that they're now the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The policy try to choose and use the words to give them a way and control the reality -- but actually the modern reality of the words that you could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under the land in the Galapago mile.
The air is running out of heat and police and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the root of supermarket bodies in the water, but I can't see much more.
And I got voices that talk about, but on all of all, that cartoon of the male and strange stores with private tools.
As the other people, I took a full light of light light in the head with this strange speed, and I can just tell you the regions of that hole of that hole that I spend hundreds of feet on the Earth.
And I got back my hand and suddenly I remember a man who met days before I lost the control and the international contract in that point.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole by addressing their lives without pay and recently, and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home but they may never do it, because they're a bit of the stage.
In the last 24 years I was making natural culture in more than 70 countries in six countries, and in 2008, I had the great honor of being the only experience in the Color of Virginia.
among all the amazing people I met there I met in a control of "The Solar, a NGO who is going to be able to avoid modern school.
We started talking about the stage, and I really started to learn about school because I knew that there was in the world but not as much as it was in the world.
When we end up to talk to me very bad I was very bad at it.
It made me a storyteller and weeks later, I went back to the rules to meet the direction of the South Stanford, and it will take my help to me.
And so I started my journey to modern school.
Now, I had been in many of these situation.
For some of them -- even my second home.
But this time, I would take a little bit.
A company is said that there is now more than 24 million people in the world.
This is the amount of the number of African Africa.
So 150 years ago, the cost of an electrical fight was about three times the state of a United States.
The equivalent of about 50 dollars.
However, today, you can be able to deal with the entire families for genes by the nuclear news of 1950s.
So surprisingly, the screen generation of more than 100 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been connected with a good education of good education and better work to then find out that they are forced to work without the pattern, under violence and they can't get up.
So today the speed of employees in the conservation, the ones produced by stars have value -- but who produce them are standing.
The stage is in almost everybody in the world and yet, it's electrical around the world.
In India.
This strange space and force was how to go into the top of the European or the International Internet.
In the instruments of 14 Centre, men, women -- kids, in fact, in fact, in a certain period of paper, and they were made metal metals in their head.
Desert by the market and the contracts work in silence, doing this task and again for 16 or 16 hours a day.
There were no patterns to eat -- not to be born, and the self-assembly search made it quite interesting.
And so soon they were the heat and the police that my camera became too hot to the car and stopped work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with the air and I was sitting there, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And back in the ants I wanted to choose but the authority that I was to my side to go back to me and said, "Listen, you don't do it. Don't do it.
And I was very clearly so clearly to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't tell you any right help.
I couldn't give them money, anything.
I was not aware of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation of the ones that they are.
I had to trust the South Sea and work inside the system for his life and I found that you will get it.
At the way to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Humber, I found children walking up for me for me by miles by mountains that they were waiting down.
Those big plants were more likely than the kids who would take them up and kids put them up to their head with their head contents made out of steps, set and hardware.
It's hard to be able to present something so advertised.
How can we interact in something so international, but so increase?
Some of you don't even know that they are standards -- and they work 16 or 18 hours a day without painting, because this has been like this.
They have nothing with what to compare it.
And when these lives came up with their freedom -- the stages they were able to make their house.
When I hear the word statement we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was asked to be hard to me to work in this particular business.
In Kenya, I got a women who had been incredibly secreting seven.
And I was made by a few minutes that they gave up to this sound -- I was able to have a former light.
It wasn't exactly a battle.
It was more well a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office -- they're local for the force protection.
They have small states, private states, where the women who are living with their girls and kids, some of only seven years -- they're forced to join the cells and they will get them to buy more food and accessible.
Every single project is dark and some of them in the wall in the wall.
The workers often come out of sex in the hands of their cells.
In front of the paradigm, I remember a sense of a teacher and in that institution, so I could imagine what it should be going to be going on in that instrument.
I just had a supply, the schools where it comes in.
There were no trials there.
There was no big enough enough to bring up.
Those people don't have statistically, and because we take a very difficult subject -- it's important to be able to find out that the science, even the sexual transformation, it happens to our around.
There are hundreds of people who are working in the electrical -- in restaurants, in the digital service and the list can continue it.
And remember, the New York Times that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as a sexual statistics.
And we don't see it.
The texts are another activity that we often related to the hand of the standard work.
And I saw individuals in which there were huge families that were used in the conservation of the system.
This is a family.
The hands of black theme are from the father -- the blue teachers and the red stores.
Moving together in these big bacteria and they would make the sound in the light to the streets, but the transportation is the terrible.
My interview told me his story.
We don't have forced? They said.
We don't expect it, yet power to go out of this house and go to another place where we really pay our work.
This is more than 5,000 children in the Local Lang, the biggest artificial language of the world.
When we came back, I went to make a quick look at it.
I saw what it seemed to be a family of fish in a boat -- two big brothers -- some more young children -- it makes sense of it?
Earth. They were all statistically.
The kids are separate from their transportation families and discussions and forced to work on the strange streets in these bacteria in the land, even though I won't know.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat was going to be about the short, it takes his little step out of the stage.
I was involved by the fear of the water.
The rates of the trees of the training trees in the values of the Valley often make networks and kids and free and a fear -- they go back to the water to develop the rooms.
A lot of people are down.
Since I remember it has always been forced to work on the land.
In terms of his love -- it's not going to go out, and as the whole life has been treated with critical companies, I actually try to go to the most young states under their world.
I met these guys at the age of the morning, when they were looking at the last networks -- but they had been working from the one for the one of the last networks.
In the night and vision.
And I was able to figure out that these networks spend over 400 pounds when they are recently recently.
I want to introduce you.
Kenya was associated in a seat of fishermen.
I met it in a region where I was the Street State to the visual visions of the screen.
King Symbiotics is possible.
Who is going to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
And by the way that you can get up for a career in the Galapago of "The South Sea, an alternative company with his market market and support our car and put the computer.
It asked us to follow it for a way of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, we put it out of the car, and I asked him to go out of the car that would go quickly quickly.
And then I read this single vision and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
And as we started to go down, we take the regions that they were making the path and after walking close to one hour we found the way that the way was involved by the cloud remember, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we go down in these water to the period.
After two hours in the way, the situation would end up in a clear -- and we had a mass of holes that I could run in a foreign field -- and all of them were full of standardized work.
A lot of women had a lot of kids who had kids who had children and as they were looking at the water and they were going to be straight with medical water.
The memory is used in the process.
These guys are sitting on a picture on the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the weight they were supported in their own super.
I remember that I looked at his eyes, researcher, because many of them had been under land for 75 hours.
The pictures have until 90 feet and these people are able to be able to be able to make sure that then they will be brought up to another area in which they will take the piece to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the eyes.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men and services, but if we look at each other, we see to work to work and as well.
All of these are visual violences, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this music ended up like this view of the transportation and the market for a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father her she took it to work with him in the morning.
When you look at his head, Mars would have the death of the talk what force you to be written in the morning.
When I met it, I had worked in the morning 14 years and the law of the legs you see here is a product of an accident.
In addition to that, Mars has transportations, and I don't look at that, it's forced to work at night and day in that morning.
And yet, he goes up with being listening and started with the help of local activities like "The Street The Street and is this kind of detection, and it was this kind of detection, which I inspired a lot of respect to me.
I want to bring light on the stage.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be able to give us a sense of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it becomes very hard to play astronomers as the stage.
These images are not from respects. They are people, real people, like you, and like me, that you see the same rights and definition in their lives.
There is no day that happened that I don't think about these very beautiful people who have had the great honor to know.
I hope these images are going to have a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to find a fire and that that force free light on the screen because without that light, the stream of the station can continue to live in the sharks.
Thank you very much.
And I do a professional math and there is a dark problem for who do it, and we are like the control consequences.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today, I try to try to explain what I do.
It's one of the most human.
We get out of the virus of the balloon and the characteristics of the classroom -- that we will see more.
But the role is going to be an extraordinary transportation, a high level of destruction and probably a kind of interview that can have a genetic computer.
And then, the neurological artists like the wrong of Paris are going to get a huge access of this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend James States, that in his time, it was a view to be able to make a viruse.
In the last few years, it has made a lot in the job.
However, there are six million people in the world who are different and they have to deal with an amazing debate -- telescopes, and others and other systems of this disease, so we need open tools to detect the disease before it is too later.
We need to measure the program in the way, and the only way we know if we really know if there is actually a course to be when we have a goal and clean mathematical.
But it is fascinating that for the Parkinson's and other ones of the movement there are no biological markets. That's why they don't look at the stress of blood and the best thing we have is a number of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would save a distributed journey to the clinic. What if the patients could do the expensive themselves.
You don't need a person.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the negative clinical cells.
So what I want to put to you as a way that you don't have to try to try it, you see, in a sense at least at least -- we are all seen as my friend Japanese State.
So this is a video of the violence of the visual cards.
It shows someone as a sound when you get sound to talk to you, we can imagine how to imagine as a value of a value because we have to cut all those value organisms to produce sound and we all have the genes we need to have the General.
And as the balloon, it requires an extraordinary level of extraordinary.
We think about the time that leads to a child to learn to talk to you.
From the sound of the sound -- we can break the position of the virtual characters as a virus, and as the Parkinson's approaches to expensive, it also affect the value organisms as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same systems.
It takes violence, definition and reduction.
The discovery becomes more traditional and supported after a character, and this is an example.
So how do you share these states based on the voice with the specific clinics, well, both of them are not investigations.
The neuroscience is not investigation. They both use the exist.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
They are both presentation. Well, but as well as the standards based on voice are not specifically.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They get very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are completely minimum and we all know what happens to happen.
When you get a cost as low as it comes up to the massive scale.
These are a few amazing weapons to deal with.
We can reduce the heart differences of patients.
It would not be able to go to the climate for the radio chair.
And with a lot of high freedom we could get open data.
We could be able to make a lot of low cost for clinical trials and for the first time, failure characteristics to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first benefits of disease before it is too much.
So when I will give you the first step in that sense, we're looking at the value of the Parkinson's Vietnamese.
And January and Palestinians, we want to make a lot of voices all over the world to collect enough data and start to deal with these games.
We have local lines for about 75 million people in the world.
Anyway, with or Peter, you can call it a price and let me go down for a whole bunch of centers, and I think that we have been able to go through six percent of the table.
Thank you.    I took Robert -- and take all of these shows from all of us -- let's say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who is not.
What do you take out of these shows?
Mars Lima." Yeah, yes. What happens is that during the call you have to give you if you have or the disease.
MR: You see, some people can not happen. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the food factors in looking for the real markets of disease.
DP: Do you have 85 percent price at this moment.
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Student, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project. We now have the project.
DP: Now, New and nine news. Well, it's a better.
MR: Of course.
DR: Thank you very much. My American space.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
In the age of 2008, I made pictures in New York.
We are planning creatures -- graphics.
We get on the dark in the dark -- and in the water without virtuals, we avoid solar light.
We do it to the dead models even more defined, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible thing, and you can make it in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real liked for the images and the picture.
The 11 percent of 2010, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the evidence of the world, the evidence that they had in Japan in it.
A little time later, an organization where it was valuable, there were Valley Valley, was in the place working as a part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we could not be sitting in home, so I decided to move to the group for three weeks.
The 16 percent of the back went to Obama.
It's a little period of fishermen in the Princeton of alone for almost 50 people, one of the first people affected by the sun.
The level of water.
As you can imagine, the village was defined.
We were sold from the cars and the barrels.
Let's take a few schools. We take the side and we leave the cars ready to be represented and researcher.
Let's take a set of dollars and death seats, and support of the local factory.
We went up and loved us.
For weeks -- so much the values like the virus found things like this.
They found pictures and hundreds of pictures and cameras and cars and strangers.
They all did the same thing.
Let me take you and take them to different places of all around us to get them up.
It was not until I realized that those pictures were given a huge part of the people who were going on.
As you take out of the sun, and to save their lives -- they had to take it absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helped to clean the common bacteria the huge grandmothers the beautiful gardens.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center center comes up with the pictures of it.
And there were them and I had the honor that that day is going to trust me in me to clean the pictures of it.
This was exciting and inspired, I had heard the experience to think beyond hospitals, but it was not until I was going to go up with myself that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of them who had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab of the lab -- I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that region and take it to hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went in love with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so adventure and positive -- that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to reduce the pictures of it.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too straight, but where the water had developed the face.
In another way, that guy would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as critical as having the strange picture.
With the time of time, they came up with the more pictures and they needed more restaurants and they needed to go back in Facebook and five days later and five days later.
At the age of two weeks I was about 150 people who were able to get up.
In Japan in Japan, we moved back to Robert, a village at the North America.
Once we were a week we were able to be able to do it in the top of the early photographer phones that had been involved, where people were going to recognize their pictures of it.
The time that they were trying to understand them is a different story, and it depends on the course of the perfect period.
I could explain an hour. It could explain weeks to it.
It could explain months.
This mile had to draw by a hand of hand using the areas whose color and define the water.
I took a lot of time.
The water shows all these perfect pictures in the water water, covered by bacteria -- even with actions, all of it all over the time with the time of time is going to be a important part of the project.
We couldn't reduce the picture at least that it was line, and I would have been getting back for their design.
We had lucky with hand.
We set up with the water of an adventure vision.
It's very easy to give you even more pictures that are going to be disappeared.
As a once once said, the leader of my group is like making a tax.
You can't make extensions.
And the woman who brought us these pictures in the relationship to the pictures of the pictures of them.
I had started to take them out and then you get up to realize that I was even more.
I also had distances.
However, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to be able to recognize -- we were able to solve the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When he received their pictures of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a space of bacteria between the most far of where it used to be their home, but their colleagues did it.
The day of the terrifying, his husband was the ability to close the barrels to the sun.
He had to go inside the water while the sites were used to go into the water.
Their little children, not as small now, but his two children were in the collective -- in different colleagues in different colleagues in the collective world.
One of them was sitting on the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they all had survived.
And the day I gave her his pictures in his son at least 14 years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could go back to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that would have been killed by that day of Mars when everything in his life changed or it was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,500 values had been used to there, hundreds of them were helped to clean over more than 130 pictures -- the great majority of them --  -- the big majority came back to their data.
More than 500 values all over the world helped us go back to 90 hundred hundreds of pictures in the whole end of pictures that are completely restricted and reported.
So during this time, we really don't spend more than 500 percent in terms and materials -- most of them for presentations.
We took pictures together.
A picture is a remember of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone who was a result.
They are a lot of our resources and stories -- the last thing that we would take out of but the first thing that we would get to look for.
So this was the project that I was trying to get a little bit of humanity of humanity to go back to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody -- a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the restaurants.
And some of them told them with something bigger to go back to something, using your touch for something that they are not going to be a perfect skin models.
To end up I'd like to read this energy characteristic. He sent him up the day that I came from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One particular picture with women from different countries from the grandmother up to the small girl -- you get around a baby.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you.  And Alabama.
David English is going to make us an amazing and quantum with this picture of a bacteria that was based on an expression of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I put them a new kind of photography, the photography, a new technology that can create videos in the middle of the light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the robots, beyond the lines of vision or see the inside of the body without using the bottom of the body -- and they read really the idea of camera up.
So if I take a long point and put it up and put it up in a seconds of second or be, in a number of ways to create a piece of pictures of just a million areas a million airplanes.
And that piece of pictures -- that bank, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bank.
If we take that ball and this piece of pictures and we put up in this baby, how are those pictures in this bank?
What is the aspect of light in the middle camera?
Now, all of this --     remember that all of this happens in less than one notice is what it was going to go through the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later.
Color did not have this research --   -- a lot of things in this movie -- we will give this information to show what is going on.
The light, our bank, in the boat with a piece of pictures that starts to get it out and that is, it starts to stay out.
This is part of the light is going to the table, and we started to see these neurologists.
A lot of the pictures finally come to the ground and then they explore in several direction.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that comes up in the Internet.
In that time, the rules go through the table and because of the restaurants of the top -- you see in the bottom of the bacteria -- after several degrees -- that the relationships are focused on.
Now, if we take a common bank and we do it and do it to remember the same distance and we see it in love to about 10 billion times, how much you think would take us to look at that movie?
One day, a week, actually a year.
It would be a very adult movie --  from a little bit of a movement.
And what about testing it with natural nature.
You can see the rules that are put out of the table of the table and on the bottom of the food.
It's kind of how to bring a piece in a state.
It's the way that nature put a picture -- I thought, from a film at the time, but of course, our eyes see an interesting computer.
But if you look at a single time, you will realize that, as the light comes out of the table, it is still blood.
Why? Because the fear is mother and the red light in their inside and it comes back after a number of a second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in their mobile molecules, they're going to be able to go to the surface and see if the fragment is motion without having to take it.
So what do we create this camera in MIT.
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture of the expensive, a very few light light.
But we're going to go through a billion times faster than the most expensive experience, so you just go into something of light.
We took that bank, that piece of photos, millions of times, and we went back and over and over and over and over with a very old single statement, we took those data from data and we used them completely to create those benefits that I showed you.
We can take all of those data data and protect them in an interesting way.
Sand can fly up.
And other teachers can come back into investigations.
And if a new power of a blood future would allow you to see the robots.
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- Republican -- to go to the room, a part is going to reduce in the door, and from the camera to the camera to the camera to the camera to the camera there.
So where we could get out of those strangers of light.
It's not financial science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our film.
In front of the wall there is a market and we will turn out the light on the door in the door there.
And after the published of our article in New Constitutions.
And a little fire of the pictures will go back to the camera but then in a slightly different time.
And as we have a camera that works that way, our film, it has only unique ability to do.
It has very good technology, and it can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences to the door and also to the current objects but we don't know what it is to be able to tell you what it is.
And when you put a line you can get a picture of a picture, that you see in the screen -- it really doesn't have any sense.
But we would take a lot of images like this, and you say of images -- and we will try and look at the regional markets of light, and with that, we can see the open object.
Can we see it in 3D in 3D people.
This is our response.
We have things to explore before you get this out of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be able to get back to what is going to the top of the culture.
Or we could look for substances in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the open virus.
Or we could build the ability to see the inside of the body, and the same thing for the cars.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult -- so this is actually a question to the scientists so that they start thinking about the photograph as a new computer of violence to solve the problems of the next generation in the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation
So as Daniel English, he was a scientist -- it turned science in art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we remember is not just for scientific visions, but we can be able to be able to have a scientific visions.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with a slow and code of color and color.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few dollars.
But here also happens something fun.
If we look at the rules under the space, these are come from us.
The rules should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are making almost the speed of the light, we have strange effects to it.
The order that you get the events in the world to sometimes go into the camera of the camera in the world.
And by looking at the controlled information of space and time, we can run this distribution together.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you an individual language.
And with a cell can be able to make a crime against humanity in Silicon.
With a cell you can take a message and try and get a project in Egypt.
And with a cell you can get a song -- to get it to Silicon and make a famous thing.
All of this is possible with a movement.
I am a picture of 1985, and I live in the city of Bertan.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people who were working on a change.
This is the top of 18 -- imagine if all these people who are proposing in search of a change, they had a cell in the biology.
Who of them have a cell here?
Let me just take you.
You take your molecules, they look at it.
Let me give you a Bang, a Bangladesh, war."
It's a lot. almost all of you today have a movement.
But today I'm talking about me, from my mobile and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 200 percent of the U.S.
The Department of data.
So this drug says that every single European company, every protection of the Internet of all of Europe, has to take a lot of information of the users.
Who called who I call a choice to who who comes to who I came up with a choice to who you go.
Who gave him a text to who you put up with it.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information is used for at least six months, and even two years old, in their phone company or his protection of the Internet.
And in all Europe people were paid and said, "We don't want this this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want to do it in the digital age and we don't want the telescopes and the Internet programs to get all this information about us.
There were a lot of statements, designers, speeds, everybody said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who came to the streets of Bertana and said, "World, not television?
And some of them even said that this would be the United States.
The State was the secret police of the World Alaska.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you play all this information about us?
Every time I use the movement?
So I asked my television, Dr. Texas, that at that time, it was the largest phone company of Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once one time, and I went back to ask them, and I did not get a content answer -- it was all bad back.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're making my life.
And so I decided to show you a little bit of a distribution because I wanted to have this information.
But Dr. Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we ended up a right.
It would take it back to me and they will send me the information that I would do.
And so as much as the Arab Congress Facebook has been able to get the interview for the local law of the U.S.
And so I got this faith on the mountain with a CO2 within a Chinese.
And there was this.
Trievist and five miles a little bit of information.
At the beginning I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge article.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this arm.
It was a little scary, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where the night, what am I doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public to it.
Because I want to show people what the data.
So, along to Zealand Wall and Obama Darwin Canada, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go up and go back and go back and go back into it.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Africa in train to Columbia, and how often I call in the transportation.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear for it.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me, we talked a couple times.
And then they call me a few friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other to the other, and we end up with this great network of community.
You can see how their people are communicate with each other to what time they call each other, what time they do.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what's doing society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talked to who you take a choice to who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Bertan, in the 1980s, they had a cell in the biology.
And the Steve had known who was in this protect -- and, if the Steve had known who they were the leaders -- this never happened.
The most of the Moral Mars has never happened.
And at the way, I don't have the Carter of the Congo County.
Because today, it gives us the state agencies and the companies want to get so much information from us as possible in and out of the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and you want to take them to the time.
But the advance and living in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to fight for the advance.
You have to fight for that at all.
When you go home, you go home to their friends that practice is a value of the 21st century and it's not going on a way.
When you go home, you give them to their represent that just because the companies and the state agencies can take a certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you can ask your phone company, what information of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile models to remember that they have to fight through the advanced in the digital age of the digital era of the diagnosis.
Thank you.
Hong HIV, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hong HIV, what happened?
And I call me Mars Zamiston and I'm not an electronic, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I went back to my mom six times in six different direction.
And as a result, I have a brain, and that's why it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's a statement of San Santa Malawi.
And Mars Alex.
Princeton CEO. It's not genetic people.
It is not aware of it and it can be controlled.
No one made my mother out of my mother and not the control because my parents were broken beautiful, although they are.
It just goes through activities, like what happened to me.
Now, you know, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of them to get any of them.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, they have designed to be discovered.
So let's go out of it.
And the National Video, they are in the commercial center -- they put in crimes in order to make care of space, and what do you see.
16 public places.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a discovery, and you know, I can be at least a little bit of a discovery.
In addition to them, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. Christian is just one of them.
So there is a sense of the open, and I would get the grandmother of the gold.
I am particularly, man, woman and live in New Jerry.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Paris California, in New
I was always love to my neighborhood and my disease had the same institutions.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I can.
A lot of people with brain particles don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the cannot be able to be able to be able to be couldn't.
And my father of my father was, "You can do it.
If my three major brothers called me, I came up.
And if my three major brothers were going to public school, my parents went to the school system.
My father taught me to walk at the five years by putting my mountains in his feet and just walking up.
Another technology that I used was to play a dollar in front of me to get it.
The software that comes into was very strong ...
Yeah. The first day in the shore rate was like a book that has got a lot of balls.
When I grew up, there were only six pounds in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 rooms, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not antibiotics.
This was before 19, and that the politics would think to use "The Muslims, as a full of campaign.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my face.
You know, it seemed to be able to worry about a lot that was going to die in the room.
I told you that I had enough enough to live three months without food, so I'm going to help you get out of the order to get a very easy thing.
Dan came in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brazil. It's line.  My parents could not pay the physical third -- so I got to the school school.
I learned to dance with telescopes, or it is that I can walk with them.
I am from New Jerry, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using marriages, I too.
And when my friends were going to go through the spectrum of summer in the cost of John, I didn't know.
I was looking at my summer in an area of war because my parents had that if we don't go back to pay all the virus, we would become Mars.
And in the same of the saw often my father was trying to go out of it, so I mean, I mean, I was going to get a little bit of career, and they put me up in the space, and I remember that the water, and I remember that the water.
But the molecular key was the home.
I have to say it's very adventure, but before I was doing a super show that I couldn't put out of the short seat.
And now I can go out in the head.
My parents had taken this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the general hospital.
I went to the university by the positive design and I got a baby for the USA, University of the state of Arabia, because I was in all the children.
It was kind of like the molecular flower of the tension.
They all love me.
I did all the landscapes of the least intelligent, and I got the nation in my class and also in their cells.
Every time I did a scene of the critical calculation my teachers were called my proteins.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the USA decided to make a work called Daniel Latin in Japan.
It's a work of a little girl with brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I started to go to the four viruses.
I have brain particles?
At the end of the first fire?
Thank God to God, the end I'm a fire.
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to South Brown.
I was going to be able to go back to the direction of the tissue of the tent -- charged historically, as if someone had killed my galaxy, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I could not do the risks of risk today.
And I said, "I did, if I can't do the risks of risk -- can not be the person."
It was a role for which I literally had been born and they gave it to a brain without brain particles.
The college was playing my life.
Hilland has a story of doing a story of doing actions without disease patterns.
When I went home, I went back home, and my first alternative air was as an end in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a company of "Completely "marketing, and I knew a little bit of a street.
In change, I was there as a roof, I don't look more than the nuclear -- and it was evidence for me to go to me that the regions are not controlled by the rate activists, not farmers, with distribution.
They just control perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the region of it.
I grew up seeing Colorado Google, Robert Barrem, Leonardo, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were computers.
And so I made it high.
In my first grade I took the famous changes in New York to New York, and I would never forget the face of the first choice that he took when I went up in the question that I was going to high speed by the car of New Jerry with a construction that had a brain.
I worked in the centers of all the United States, and also in the Middle East in the Middle East and without seen.
Some people say that I'm the first map of the world.
I never like to recognize the first place, but I know that they never had that little device that he says that women are not fun -- and they find very fun.
In 2008, my brother of another mother and father, David Australia, and I took the Fed of the New York Common in New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media and at the same time to remind them to the rights of remember that supply and robot are not all us.
And I would try to go to the rooms that was much easier to fight the challenge of the distribution of disease.
So my great opportunity was going to be in 2010, and my great opportunity came in there.
I was kind of invited to the program of news for the card of Congo Congo with Kenya Gore.
And I went back to a group of graphic, and I was taken to a study and they sat in a state of all of them.
I looked at the direction and I said, "The "Allier, can you give me another clip?
She looked at me and he said, five, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, three, three, three,
And we were in alive.
So I was going to go to the writing of the pressure to not go out of the screen during the sea, and when I ended up the intervention, I was playing.
At the end I had my opportunity and the device. I knew they would not get back to me.
But not only Dr. War came back to me, but I was like a particular time and I went up with my clinic.
Something fun that I learned in direct with John War was that people in the Internet are scared.
It tells kids that kids are criminals, but they never got out of me or a little girl who is no longer for me.
And I mean, my discussion in the Internet became open again.
And I look at clinics with communities like, "Why does it get?
Is it regulated?
And my favorite family, "Political back to me.
What disease.
We really should be able to go out of it.
A show was going to even be able to add my distribution to my construction, which is consumer, complexity, paradigm.
It's as visual as the race.
If someone in the end of the wars can not do from Benjamin, then I can't make someone in the end of the wars.
The disasters are -- yes, they are an analysis, and we go.
The distributions are the largest minute in the world, and the most sophisticated in the world of the environment.
The doctors said that I didn't walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of the distance in the media and in the content life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey travel has taken me to very specific places.
I got to walk through the red room for the dog of the telescopes Steve and the clinical Langue Arabia.
I got to act in a movie with Arabic Santa and work with my pain -- the incredible Danny Danny.
I remember the world called "The rooms have become closest.
And I went down in the restaurant of the great state of New Jerry in the University of 2008, in the University of 2008.
And I went out of "The children of Mars, a beautiful organization to give the kids who are a picture of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father looked at me in life, and I gave it this talk to his memory to his memory.
(Audience paintings?
And I call me Mars Zami, and if I can, you can also be able to too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little kid of a small people.
I don't know your name -- but I know your story.
It lives in a small village to the South Sea.
This village is close to Mars.
And the question comes to the small village to poverty and the back of the institution.
But nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mars Canada Carolina.
When you get there, there are no opportunities -- there is no work, no work, no property.
He was still living in a car in the city of Mars.
After maybe a year, anything.
And one day you get to be about a guy who allows him to take it to go out, then to come out to come up.
It knows a group of people, which gives him a device.
It gets a little bit of money for it to buy new money, money to send home, his family.
They put a young one.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little kid of that little village with the great city was the support teacher, and that medical group of people were the Sample, a terrible organization connected with the Sample.
So, how do the story of a little kid to try to put their dream in the city end with him with him?
He was waiting him.
I was waiting for a community, waiting to start your future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that he came in.
This was the first thing that we call the "Print perspective?
And his story is represented in urban center around the world.
This is the story of the marriage, young performance protests who were described in Japan, and they were discovered in London, which are looking at something beyond the "Professor "Percentained person.
For young people, the problem of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity of work, but the young young people are not going to make their cities.
It often is the guy who comes out of the highest street streets.
For 20 of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the supermarket perspective, the door of access to violence -- to violence -- to be the history of the cities.
And in my own city, Mars, 60 percent of the young people are dead.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't make anything.
I went back to Marian last month, and I went to visit the Mandator Home, the hospital where I was born in.
I remember to be at that hospital hospital to be thinking, and if I would never have gone out."
And if I had seen it forced to be in that same "Performance "Professor?
I would have become terrified?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
And the reason I was in Mars that month was actually to take a young leaders in a company computer.
I read about 90 sense leaders service.
We sat up and we had a bunch of ideas about the great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was at all.
He went to the University of Microsoft, and it goes up.
There was no work.
I remember when he told me, he was because it was a legal college -- showing up, was the perfect white white for the Shakespeare and other terrible organizations to be recognized.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest goal to get out of the point to the Bon are the streets of it.
So seven years of civil war have developed the visual system, and a molecule can be the most easy way to move up.
He saw an opportunity and the architecture.
It started a company of molecules.
It started making malaria markets to the local researchers who could not buy them.
I bought 10 mountains, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some moment to explore hundreds of water over the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What does this story do?
I think your ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
It is the computer spirit -- and I think the computer spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "person of hope.
Fortunately to the young people to be the creations of economic opportunities that are looking at as well.
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who killed one of my consumptions, Mars Microsoft, a factory.
I was helping you to train some of the young young people in the community of the company and how to be innovation and how to create a culture.
In fact, it's the first factory that Mars has seen in more than 21 years, and until Mars came up, if you wanted to be flowers for your bank, you were using plastic from the space.
If you asked someone to someone who was the last time I see forest flowers?
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be noticed?
So Montana saw an opportunity.
It started a company of value and design.
I created a group in the outside of Mars, and he started to grow together teachers and lights, which was that he said, could you survive the hard climate of Mars.
And he started the face of flowers for the hands, creating chickens in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the first public park of Mars in 25 years.
There are no public particles in Mars.
It wants to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, I would just take it out of the protection reductions.
By the way, he doesn't have a lot because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire the young people, and in that room, the president of Mars had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about building a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but his story, their innovation actually had a strong impact on them.
And I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And you get them to believe that they could be companies, which could be architecture of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to be able to be able for local problems.
So, inspired the young people and creating a culture of companies is really a big step -- but young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and order to put them in the development and put it into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to take the support that they need to move from the trust to creative -- and they will create carbon growth.
For me, the computer spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mars is not just looking at flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
His Park of Pacific -- this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
And then I found children in the street to help you go to the mountains for it.
I gave them the chance of the speed of the period of the spirit of the spirit.
These young companies are having an impact on their cities.
So my superconductor is to become the young people in companies -- they go and feed their energy innovation and you will have more stories about flowers and Parkinson's patterns and Parkinson's personality.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to go up with my dad in the World Morning, an area on the North New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The foreign forest for it.
The sun did that the leaves would be able to be a video, and not to be the way that we went on, we could almost figure out that we were the first human beings to put that Earth.
We get to our field.
It was a company in a piece of view with a beautiful language when I discovered something together.
So behind the control there was a back, from about four feet away with the heart of the short paper balls of spider paper, and it was still old standard.
And I was going on, and I was very supported and incredibly considered.
The companies that were too loss as to do what they had brought up, who thought I was going to clean your back?
That question came with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our back?
No matter how they organization or where you put the our back, who clean our back on Earth."
Who clean our face in Robert or in Paris, or in London: or in London:
So here in New York, the Department of South Street clean our back, at the reason for 11 tons of designers and two tons of recording products every day.
I wanted to know how to meet them as individuals here.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What is it to be used and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the corners and walking for their own contracts and invited people in office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot -- but it was still an interesting thing.
I needed more.
So I began to work as a record record.
Now I didn't just go back in the cards. I did it.
And I was looking at the mechanical schools.
It was an amazing present and an amazing learning.
You all ask about it.
It's there, but it's not as soon as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used as well.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight of it.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continue to get on the weight to take about his body tables all week.
It's also the dangerous.
All right, with the Audience of States Labace -- the restaurant of reserves is one of the most dangerous access in the country, and I learned the right.
You're coming up and trying to get up the whole day and they move around around you.
They just want to go out, so in general construction is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well.
I also learned about how much of the back.
When you go out of the contract, and you see a city from the top of the way, you get to understand that blood is like a force of nature.
I never stopped coming up.
It's also like a form of responsibility or cell.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the strategy.
It seems to me that the structure is especially international because I believe that the records of restaurants are the most important hand.
These are the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the discoveries in effective and effective way every day, this starts to get rid of their conditions and their international dangerous.
Discovery that we had control for decades and cells come back and they start to give them to it.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for the new things that the economy of the economy are starting to figure out when it is in the control of it.
I'm not playing by the capital, just just his relationship to it.
And then it is what I call our average average school.
And with that I just mean the speed of the speed that we used to move in the time.
We don't really worry about it, and we are similar or let's take it with us and we take out of our career care, our bank of the markets, our water.
We use them -- we would take them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to tell you a couple of ways to think about the responsibility of reserves that maybe help us reduce the structure and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost crazy.
They are in the street every day, in radio way.
They use a mind in many cities.
You know when you experience it.
And his work allows us to make our work.
They're almost a form of facility.
The flow that they keep to take care of ourselves from ourselves from our own designers, our deaths, and that flow should always keep in a way or another.
And one day after the 11 percent of 2003, I heard the group of a way of a company in the street.
And I tried to be able to do his work that particular day -- but I started to come in.
And I looked at me and simply standing up, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And then I started that I started to invest the restaurant of reserves and went back to that man.
It's called Pacific, we work together so many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our efforts to remember the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have to tell all the costs -- even the real human cost of the hand.
And the material resources, what we think about when we talk about the flower, they represent three percent of the number of the number of nation.
This is a remarkable scale.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see to someone whose work is to clean the back of you, take a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life form part of the environment where architecture is born from the conditions and local transportations.
Today, I took two recent projects as an example of this.
And both of these projects are sitting in extra countries -- one in Europe and the other in Titan.
They also share the fact that the different animals from different perspective become an essential part of the end of the end of the artist.
The first example started with an investment to design a common center of several passengers in the capital of Ethiopia, Antarctica Alberto.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the content."
After looking at some of these buildings in the city there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to replace.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost valuable because they have very big people in which people can't get the way to buy things.
Second, you need to explain a lot of energy because of the relationship with the crime generation in the Internet, so it is need a lot of force.
In a city where this should not happen because this is a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And in third place, your impact has nothing to do with Africa or with Europe.
This is a pressure of a place that is so rich in culture and transportation.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really comfortable with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things all the days to little virus.
There it is also that idea of using public space to generate foreign activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a common center center -- not a common center of it.
But the question was how to build a building building, from several paintings, by looking at these beginning.
The next challenge was present to the site of the site that is based on a lot of a lot of growth of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it is also between two light streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of thousands of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- including all the results of the building.
And this is spread with an amazing article that creates a space to the air air in the building that is arrived, by their own way, the sun and the shore.
And around this space we've apply the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that respond to local climate conditions to it.
And I was going to think about a similar tissue to an ant car to allow them to allow the air of the air and also from light, but in a former way.
And then we're inspired in these beautiful parts of the states of the states.
They have the free of the French generation, and this helped me move the face.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the windows that let the air and the light in a way to the building of the building.
This comes with these little categories of colors that use the light of the building in order to get the building at night.
And with these ideas that didn't really be easy to convince the drugs because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we asked?
But we all realized that this idea of the market was a much more amazing than the control of the consciousness because at the end of the content there was more local to sell up.
And the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material in share with the video, but also because it was no longer needed to have air.
And so we got certain people in the budget that we use to increase the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
And so we got a great advantage by putting pictures on the street.
And then under those birds we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of reverse and barrels that would create this picture of the picture.
And these costs in the roof -- that in telling water water for the subjects of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we go through the control of the building of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the building.
The second example is a map of 200 dollars and services in the city of Terrian Congress.
And to make a big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Ten, but also to their environment, their treatment and the culture.
And during that analysis I put special attention in the middle -- a 100 years of an old antibiotic that was surrounded by a death with a lot of access of access to a whole bunch of access in the almost true.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to break up the existing streets -- creating 12 simple increased biologists in size and computers that there are in Brazil and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we're going to get a few different dots in relationship to the idea of the door in the idea of right lines -- and this means the institutional model.
And the last organization was to think of the cells, the small cell of the project, as the application, as an essential part of the management plan in the moment.
I thought, what would be the best architecture for a device in the medical climate cell."
And it's normal, because it creates a typical difference between both sides of the house and so a natural computer.
So let's take sure that I make sure that most of the advances are perfectly addicted in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European bank and the city city.
It has these balls with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the conditions for people.
And I also respond to local rules that have a greater disease in the top levels and a less understanding in the low planet.
And it also takes this idea of the door of the door as well.
The teacher, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to go back to the community of the space in the construction of the construction by the construction of the building.
This is where all the choices, you can go out and come up, and make a lot of such as you can run up a two miles a morning, or to go out of a building to another.
These two examples. They have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in strong countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy to the same room that grow the buildings in.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions by looking for simple solutions -- which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl came back to our class -- it was so natural, as you see all the new kids.
And I had a lot of a very brilliant weight and a little student of states, including it -- it was a strong thing for the capitalism of the states -- very good for origin.
I ended up that year and I was full of children, until I brought my own plan up.
And one day I was a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I got a little bit of the books.
When the cost was straight, I went back in the room, I took the table.
And then I did.
And I went up with my robot, just a little bit, just a few of them.
All of the things like this.  And I was going to go back to the book, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a fisheries, the news of the whole world, without any imagination of it.
I put them up to all of them and myself.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never got me.
And it was that it was all absolutely obvious to it.
They never found me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I showed me that this one, so small, it was so good for origin.
And I got the children.
They're so moral and so profits.
We know that babies come out of children.
And also the printed printing protests are very profound.
We know that the clients are the number one of us in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that comes out the society, or the long democracy or the stream.
So you have to go to the financial, because the neurons are like the lab in which they were studying the cells in all their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it is an opportunity to say that if there was no children, I would have just no limitation.
Well, there would be no Health the infectious, no one.
There would be no clinical region, or "The book and a night?
There would be no Shanghai.
And they were going to be able to take the list of high school, because we would be losing "The Russia, and the Funding, there would be no God, and we would be lost from "Martin Bonobo, and "The "Archistrian Kong?
However, there is no Prize. I know it's in a way to say that President has the answers for everything -- and at the same time, almost that it has all of them.
This year is about 100 years of his own shoe, and I find out of the fear long, the most exciting study of the sex children and also of the subjective competition -- I mean, all we could have.  And thinking about Proble, we have the signal details -- right?
We think about a child trying to communicate the dream of it.
So we think of a human map in your card.
We forget about how hard that image is.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virgin Washington said were as hard as a graduate transportation.
I don't know how it is the graduate transplant, but we knew it is surprise.
So let's see why they go so well together, the neighborhood and the clouds, the children and Project.
It's going to be very obvious as the children, which is related to the person, to their desires, to their performance, are a non-magical basis.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone -- when we think about what happens when we feel closes.
When we feel closes, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It will be at the same time.
The streets do all of us who make all of them adapted to all of us, and that is something that comes up with.
Everything that she does to give me to play could give you to put it up, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to themselves that story -- and since then, Project says that every single little bit of free that Sea determines in his love -- I add it to his own corruption instruments in his private camera camera.
And you have to add out that Silicon and Prince, they were also closed.
You know, the New Project would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The streets are advanced.
It is a human emotion -- you have to feed it.
And how are the children?
The streets are new from information.
The cells use the details.
The kids like the big amount of black weight and the little little bit of states and a little bit of states.
The children got out of the pictures of them.
This is why I'm so successful --    Professor comes out of the language of the characteristics with the children.
When you're in his corner in your children -- of soon I heard behind the door and the sense of the senses of his love -- then I understand those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is represented, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or looking at a minute?
He says, "You are scientific research.
Production is trying to show that the streets are going to look at us and make us look at it, but in their mind, they're a search of knowledge -- a very self-distributed truth -- in fact, to what I was going to come up with the truth.
The dollar, the headline, the presentation, these were the ones to the support of Project.
He says, "You know, one woman who we need to be able to go out, it comes up in us a lot more profound and virtual than a man who can be interested in.
Are we telling us that we're going to look for common women.
No. I think it's trying to tell us that the cells represent us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open in this particular way, so particular way.
Is there some other emotion to get us our activity, our adult antibiotics and our right?
So some other emotions that taught us to look at that something so physically.
I was going to write about this more.
One day, France was seen by a young young man who was connected to the idea that his woman would get it.
And Francisco says that there was something strange in that man, which was not allowed in what his wife did.
And she was international -- everybody knew it.
The poor crisis was under no care without any cause of it.
But he was looking for things that I did your wife, no matter me, increased behavior.
So I'm going to be so strongly.
It says that the man was becoming the question of your wife, his wife
The neurons are very good at this.
The neurons describe very well how kids make us look at it, but without presentation.
In fact, the more amazing things we are, the more we become the researchers of the family.
And for this reason, I think, the streets are going to make us live or electricity.
The cells are going to get us to make it completely interacting.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I know it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in news.
A woman from Microsoft from 37 years of age was able to have created a fantastic account in Facebook since the one that would be visible messages to themselves for itself for a year.
For one year. It's a year.
She was trying to get up to the new neighborhood of his normal exhibition. I have to tell you that when I or this, you get up with advanced.
Because let's be real.
So what does it huge -- even though definition, right?
It's like nonprofit.
Like a New Half Hans.
Hilland is one of my family.
She is a very strange person in the United States.
This is the street of "The Sandhhhely in a Trea, and "The Talk Steve. Republicant, books who are trying to take your minds -- and once we are in your minds -- and once we are in the screen, the member that I would know is that it might be being done in an instrument.
Let's take Taminan Robert -- its most famous person.
I took Robert or want to want what you have to take out of your being and take care of what you ever have, and it is under the floor -- and it comes down to your name -- you take your anti-fronting stores, you go through your banking contents.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the roof of Tabina Robert.
I can't give you all around the world, as well as sometimes I wanted to want to give you.
It's a little bit, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks where the chair is the search? Right?
The neurons show us the surface? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not safe -- when they are in a mission.
So let's go to the 1880 of Bangladesh Stanford and we asked Shakespeare Hometown.
When people think about Homo, you think of the magnificent company in the Marian Medical that is that critical genome in the Marine.
But I've always been presented by Indian State, the Galler Canada face that I need Harvard School who needs the genome of Homo, but I read it.
Oh, I was so familiar to me.
She needs his help -- but it turns out, and I represent it, and he replaced it in the every one of the missions.
But how do you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sama Seattles, once Homo came in, you got up to everyone with his solution -- Leonardo comes back to Homes and says, "We are not cleaner, I wish Howard.
We're proud of you?
And he tells you that there is no person in New York who didn't want to put your hand.
It's one of the few times that we look at Hollywood to history in the story. I think this is very excited. That is also money, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a general problem, without emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next one is the same side.
And suddenly it will allow you to add that idea of being the research.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a generation of generation, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to be able to give them the experience of the other.
We can kill them with it.
But I like the plants of context.
And so as we hope that it comes out, we remember that we have the phenomenon to make them.
It's just the filmmakers of the children.
The phenomenon used them to do it to the table.
And look at what I carry up, the Latin Latin Raisure Raisus, the San Sea Mars, the Michael Marian Maria.
We are in an enormous company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
At the age of 1960, Babylon Barry came out of the mountain of the 19th Anderson and he discovered about the sea of the Tricite.
And Albert and Alabama were alone -- but his present in the top of the surface surface was the full of a collective process.
The Arab program was the biggest molecule in the history of the U.S.
In order to get to the London, NASA goes up about 18 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the French budget today.
The Alan was working to about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20 companies and university and governments of the government.
They died people, including the tradition of the Alaska one.
But before the protein Project protects -- 24 men went to the London.
And they were walking on his surface of which Alexander after the death of South Africa last year, is now the most anti-grandmother.
So why did they do?
They didn't get a lot of better, 38 miles of old robots, and something that the 24 of them would be able to be able to go later, a new sense of the fish and the failure of our common home.
Why did they come from? The cancer answer is that they were because the Kenya.
But the world's own words in the University of Robert in 18 is a better idea.
John Foundation, Kenya, some ask -- why do the Link."
Why do you turn it in our goal?
And they could also ask, why do you pick the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Audience: What about the Audience:
Why play Robert against Texas."
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the morning in this decade, and do other things, not because they are simple, but because they're hard.
Japan Polish, for the concepts, the Australia was not just a virus of the Ocean on the World War, in the Francisco.
In the time, the most strong emotions was the way that they were going to work to the transportation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long technology of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century -- it would take the police and get the viruse.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be done by 1998 called "Freely accepted force?
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a balloon bone, but in 1970s, the top of the last 10 miles to 40 miles a hour.
In fact, no human being comes back to it.
No one has gone faster than the top of the 1960s, and the optimism of the power of technology has been done to see that problems that we imagine that technology would be able to go to Mars and create a clean energy -- to create the cancer.
I remember the back of the 18th 1970s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the state of space called the San San Virginia.
I knew that this would be the last mission to do, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colleagues in Mars in Mars in Earth.
So that is what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been designed and they would have been anticipated with traditional cards, and things like incomes and social networks and social networks -- or algorithms that are able to get the very advanced version of it.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have moved and engaged our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems.
What happened?
There is a particular explain in San Valley, which is that they have created less environmental companies than those of the years that were forced in Internet, Michael, Albert and General.
San Valley says that the markets are the companies, in the way, the institutions that the risk of risk is coming to companies.
San Valley says that the risk of risk comes to change the creation of traditional ideas by the beginning of incredible problems or even fantastic problems.
But I don't think that this explanation is good enough.
It was a lot of what's going wrong in South Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their right point without worry about the risk -- they would have little investments, you have a little mission of those who could go out in 10 years.
Children have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy -- which need a huge capital and whose development is a long thing -- they have never invented in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a very big international value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But I will go to Mars to get a political decision that was police, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world's global energy of energy energy source as the solar and the slice and the bank -- less than two percent -- and the reason is completely economy.
The car and natural gas are more bacterial than the solar energy and the oil and the oil is higher than the bank.
We want source energy energy that can be able to share in price -- no exist.
Now, the technologies and the economists and the economists are agree about what policy and international treat to identify the development of an alternative energy -- most of a significant increase in research and developing energy, and some kind of control of the face of the face.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or the international transportation that represent that concept.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time that men are result of the face of food in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that men are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
The technology can better improve things like courses or the systems for the ship and record of food, but there will be men while there are bad governments there.
And finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The Nicola President would tell you the war to cancer. But soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of them researched in the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatment and visual treatment treatment transportation.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can go and we have, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Arab mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems to solve big problems.
But it's an amazing model in the future.
We're not in 1973.
There is no playing compassion like in the World War, there is no policy like John Kenya who had a difficult and dangerous molecule, and there is not a piece of science of financial science like how to explore the solar system.
In general to go to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even solve any problem.
We are just in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to do.
God knows that we don't care about them.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to show you the ideas that you have on the control.
They are so common that they have become our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recent record, there has been a great definition of control, it's a very general growth.
The second is a game, we should have more construction.
And the third one is a task, we should be able to get the conference.
And I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task -- that I think it gives a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think that trust has defined?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I'm going to think that it may have been designed in some activity or institutions and that could have been used in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the concepts of operation, and the consequences of operation are the source of the believe that the trust has gone down.
When you look at the concepts of operation over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered about 20 years ago, mostly designers and policy -- they continue to inspire the same destruction.
And the people who were very constantly 20 years ago, they continue to be pretty constantly, supports, entirely.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost about half of it.
But this is this evidence evidence -- it is enough.
So what the consequences of operational operation are, of course, operations.
So what else can you do it?
What you look at is the genetic actions that people are making a certain questions.
Control in the policy.
Now, if someone would ask you, "The contents in the rights?
Computers in the fisheries."
Contexts in the principles of primary?
You probably start to ask me, "You know, to do what?
And that would be a very simple answer.
And you might say, when you have put your question, "Well, I think about some of them -- but in other not?
Which is very religious.
In the real life in real life, we tend to detect the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of office, work or kind of person, it's going to be a question in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I think about a certain piece of private that I know to give you the kind of legacy, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good construction.
It could trust me in my friend more crazy to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret up.
simple.
And if we have those evidence in our living lives in the way that trust is difference -- why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about it in a more absolute way.
And I think that the costs are very bad tools to measure the real level of real control, because they try to forget the good thing in the fact that they are going to trust something or someone else.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more construction.
Francisco, I think it is a terrible goal of it.
This is not the goal that I'm going to do.
I would try to have more trust in what it is to be able to trust it, but not what it is.
Now, I am a little bit of not to trust what it's not constantly.
And I think that those people who were able to put their save with the very amazing called Santa Maria, which then he came up with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too constantly.
It's going to have more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
It continues to determine or network with intelligence -- that's the right thing.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, you know, that means that what it means in first place is not the control, but the content.
So what it's about is to make a little bit of how much the people who are the people in terms of assumptions.
And I think that so that we can make a subject, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they computers? They're hospitals? They're responsible?
And if we found that one person is a whole person in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to focus on it, because it's going to be made of control.
But if you are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends that are companies and hospitals, but I wouldn't trust them to take a car to the car, because they're supported.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that you take their own companies.
And I got a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complex and responsible but extremely defined.
If it is like this, I haven't lost me.
But that's what we're looking at.
The trust is the answer.
The consequence is what we need to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build food systems for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions and functions, and so they made us easier the task to play their content.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a wall and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the advanced paper that will be able to take a part of the party.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is that the research system system that is meant to make care of the conservation and the presentation test is actually doing the opposite thing.
So what they do is to draw the work of the people who have to make a difficult task -- like the parts are going to give us the states, as we say.
And I sure all of you know the similar examples of you.
All of that, all of that, by the object.
I think the goal should be more conscious, and that things would be different if we try to be decisions and we're going to take the people that we are, and if we try to figure out if other people or politics are dealing with it or politics are developed or political decisions.
It's not easy. It's the subject, the simple, the activity, the activity that does not do it.
In third place, the task is.
I would call the task to build the control, put things to the reception.
It suggests that you and I should be able to build the control.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can build a little bit of the content.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve it.
But the conference, in definition is hard because we get the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough so that they can trust you.
You have to be able to be accepted.
And that, of course, is because you can't go up, for all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be accepted with control.
How do you do it?
That makes a day, everywhere.
I'm going to give you a simple example.
The way that I bought my cards says that I can get them to give them the explorations.
You get them back and get me into the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That is starting. And I think of them because they became virtual to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other hand, that's a very good test that you're dependent up and you have trust what you're saying about.
So, at the end, I think that what we're talking about is not a very difficult thing.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that market, you can determine when and how the other person is saying about it.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of the computers have come to reduce the service between us and the digital information, the service between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be developed.
This service has been related, and more and more, to so much point that today is less than one me, the spectrum of the video of a technical screen -- and the power of innovation has become access to all.
But I ask me, and if there were no barrels."
I started to imagine what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space, so when the force force against the screen.
The designers can map their ideas directly in 3D -- and the scientists can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
So with this tool they break up the barrels.
But the two hands.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information.
In the Discovery of Microsoft Science of Microsoft, along with my mind Carolina Bangladesh, he was the computer and he took a little space on a digital area of work.
It is going to come up with a set of present carbon cameras to detect the fingers and the face -- you can now take out the hands of the terrorist, to get into the 3D space, and you will go back directly with the hands.
As the window and the artists have a place in the real space, you get it as easy as a book of a state.
You can take the book and give them lines or words with the virtual technology that there is down in every single end of each other.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go down to the hands.
In these examples in the digital world.
And if we invented the role and we make the digital information come to us?
And I mean, a lot of us will have bought and go back through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a moral device in your head or transformed when the system understanding the generation of your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of only looking at the space in space, how can we make physics so that we can take them and feel it?
How would a future be like this?
And in the Middle Lab of MIT with my third Harvard Health and my collaboration Red Paul, we created this only physical screen.
This study is that it becomes a 3D state in space, which means that as much as the computer can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
Simple, what we did was we put the graph and control the movement for a material of magic and mechanical access and detections.
And at the way that we were doing the object of the object -- we read it from the resilience of time and space -- which means that human movement can go back and go back and go back to the physical world.
And you can teach it very physically and distributed and the famous end of Michael Japan can be related as a physical reality the times we wanted to.
The students can use it as a tool to understand companies like the movement of the planets -- the physics -- and at the difference of telescopes, this is a real and political experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful that you can play and feel -- it's very power.
But what's more fascinating than to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today to talk about a barrel, but if we get that bank, the only light that is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
And I was interested to become a grandmother for two years in Homo, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in first degrees -- the government wanted to take a school for all of all the pattern courses.
But my mother says, "No.
My parents wanted me to turn me up in instrument, like them.
And then to survive the cultural revolution -- they believe that there was only a heart way to happiness.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
So this was me, in my own imagination.
A country of paper has to start to come up from very young people to learn the advances, so I tried everything I could to go to school.
And so I wrote to the direction of school and the present of a radio program.
But at any airport I gave him the idea.
No adult took me in serious me.
Just my friends were told me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
This was the age of 15 years old, I knew that it was too much more to come in.
My dream will never be done.
It tasks, that during the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could do.
And this was so constructive.
So I turned out to look for another one.
No one around me wanted to teach it, OK.
I remember the books.
(Audience Congress, from San China, Christmas Christmas Haiti, And National Harvard came to the United States, and what was the first books I read here?
The ones who were put in China, of course.
"The Great Earth, about the Chinese life.
And it is not really properly.
The British is interesting -- but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the mining thing for me was a responsibility, "Harvard to your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said to me, "It's so different, and much better than you would do?
So it became my tool to come out of this field of control and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
And the center with a new culture also gave me a place to my own computer store.
It was a lot of perspective.
So for example, this map was made me out of place because this is what the students in China learn in China.
Japan had happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map means the perspective of people.
The computer law is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the right world.
And there are up to an research.
It will share and control it to the advances a more profound understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if the computer law was working to research -- why not do it also in life lives?
So it was that I started reading books.
You can try to try and the Pennor Force, from Walter Island, January Anderson: Darwin Dennies, who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experience.
For the Crime, the tools are economic and the polices and the specificials.
For the Babylon, they are all policy, land, teacher and social surface.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
The walk of Charles Carolina, Thomas Mars Martin County Alaska instead of looking at the transformation, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it is through the tradition that I realized that he was supposed to be similar in China means "musically fast.
And "James, in China, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be just to feel just or improvement.
You have a design dream that is really not compared to what many other others have happened.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come up with your dream -- where the passion comes from, where the happiness.
And so far as you can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, I happy, living again with purpose and controlled, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you  Thank you.
And when I was in my 20, I saw my first control of practice here.
I was a digital student in Brazil in Beijing.
She was a woman from 24 years called Alexander.
Alexander went into the first sense using values and a horrible top, you get on my office of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so fascinating.
My company of class had a blood as a first cell.
And I got a shark that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it.
But I didn't do it.
With the Chinese stories that Alexander was going to the sectors, it became easy to just move the head as we get the solution.
"The transportation is the new view, he said Alexander, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start to work later, you get home, you have children later, until the death happens later.
And I was as American and I had time time for me.
But a little bit later, my surface. I got my surface, and I'm going to put me to Art to talk about his love life.
I was responding.
I said, "Well, it's coming up with a little bit of his cartoon, and it comes up with a high head -- but it's not as if it was going to stay with him?
And then my surface, he said, "You know, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
In addition to the best time to work in the Mars is before it is closed?
This is what plants call a "Martin moment?
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel a head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alexander were a role in their development here.
And this made the 20 of Alexander were the perfect moment and we were destroyed.
And so I realized that this kind of negative business was a real problem, and I had real consequences -- not just for Alexander and his life but the careers, the families and the future future and the future future.
There are 50 million states in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population.
You take your hand if you're in their 20 percent.
I want to look at the speeds of here.
Oh, yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with a search, they love a support, you get the dream of a support, and I want to see. It's good.
This is not just my operation. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 35 years.
This means that eight percent of every 10 and experiences and moments and "Mandela, who give her way to his life to have happened to be 30 and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so many and so much.
People from over 40 percent of 40 percent of over 40 percent.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that you will win with.
We know that more than half Americans are going on, they live or are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and last stage of growth in their 20 and it comes up for the adult, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves -- now is the moment to change.
We know that people change more times for their 20 than in any other moment of life, and we know that the female sector comes to their touch at the time, and things become complicated to 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to deal with their body and their communities.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the paper in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life and common has an impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what the subjects are listening to.
And the drugs talk about changes in the time of the time.
And the researchers called the 20 of them in the extra advance.
The designers are called relative names as a "completely single shots.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have been able to consider a transformation which is actually the decade that I define the authority.
Leonardo Berter said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
So what do you think when you give them a paradigm in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen anything.
They gave it to that person the sense of private and its analytical and not happens absolutely anything.
And then all of the days -- you know, interesting people, interesting as you or their children and children come to my office and they say something like this, I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship is not -- I am just taking a time.
Or they say, "You all say that while you start a career before 30 of the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20 are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curiosity the day that I get from the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this, my kids during the 20 were like the game of the streets.
They all fall up, and then you get up, but then at some point around 30 -- it was made the music and all started to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one who was going to be standing down, so sometimes I think I went up with my husband because he was the most close cell when he was 30.
Where are the speakers here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds like a little bit, but you don't get attention, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for 30 -- there is a huge pressure to the transportation and so many of you to start a car, to choose a city, to choose a city, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and so on.
The crisis of the middle age, is not about buying red cars of red devices.
It's about realize you can't have the career you want now.
You may realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of transportation and classrooms look at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about their 20 -- what was he doing?
I want to change what the subjects are doing and thinking about.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Earth.
At the age of 25 -- Earth came to my office because I was, in their own words, having a identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on the art or in the instruction, but I still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a wall.
And as it was more bad, I lived with a neighborhood that was more likely than antibiotics.
And despite living about 20 very, very difficult life had been even more difficult.
And I was working out in our students, but then she was standing out to say, "You don't get to your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day I came up with his head on his legs and she was about almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new background for direction, and I had spent all the morning to take it with their lots of contents, but then I was looking at the old space that comes after the words of the words -- please call it a "Alexander."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me, and he said, "What is going to be for me if I have a automatic accident.
Who is going to care if I give me cancer.
At that time, I got a lot of work to answer and not say, me?
The thing I needed was not a job that is really going to worry about.
I needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Albert as for just to just sit as the decade of Earth was going on.
So, during the next weeks and months, I told myself three things that all of all, men or woman -- it will be able to know.
First of all, I told anybody who would forget of that sense of identity and make care of information.
And by the way, I mean, I mean to do something that comes out of your person.
I do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Earth, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, from that company that you want to try to test it.
I'm not going to give you the exploration exploration, I'm looking at the explore that I should not tell you, that, by the way, it's not exploring it.
It's proposition.
I said to Einstein that would explore work and I did it.
Second, I said to Einstein that the fire frontiers are supported.
The best friends are exciting to bring up to the audience, but the seats that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in what they know -- what you know, how you think, how they talk about, and where they talk about.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out of the outside of their most close crime.
The new things come from what they call chemical friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of them have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other.
The half of the working workers never published it, then to know the head of your vision is the way to get a work not published.
It is not to make a transportation. It's the science of how information is going on.
For last but not less important -- English believed that you don't get their family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a support, I'm going to be able to choose his family. When I have a piece and it took his own family.
I told myself the time that the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head that the 20 or even 25 and I am agree with you.
But to choose the person with the people who live right now or you are right now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk up to the speed is not progress.
The best moment to work in your market is before you have it, and that means to be so interesting.
It has to choose your family to be an aware choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with who you get them to you.
So what happened with Earth?
Well, we went back to that direction, and she found the course of a passion that was working on a piece of art.
And this dark computer helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the name that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it's kind of sort of a species of events in muscles.
This thing with a man who came up with.
I love his new car, I love his new family, and I come up with a letter that he said, "You know, now the spaces of environment are not good enough.
The story of Einstein can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with with the standards.
It's very easy to help them.
The sharks are like advances that come out of the audience of the Netherlands, which comes to some place of the sea.
You know, before the passion, a limitation in his transportation makes the difference between the distribution of the distribution or in Facebook.
In the same way, at the same way, to the age of 25 or even 25 -- a good conversation, a good construction, a good TED talk can have huge effect on the next years or even in the next generation.
So this is my idea that we have to give all the sharks that you know.
It's just as simple as I learned to tell you.
It's what I now have the price of saying to subjects like Earth every day -- the transportations are not the new 20 -- they get their adult, they get their adult, they use their discoveries -- they use their family characteristics.
They don't stop what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're telling her life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very simple work in the government of a work that was even more exposure, the diagnosis.
I went to show you mathematics in the public state in the public schools in New York.
And as any teachers -- and as well as any protein, analysis and teams.
I give you a little bit.
When the work comes back, I cut the cards.
And what I call the attention was that the CEO was not the only difference between my best and my worst students here.
Some of the people who had a better wish they had no sense of China.
Some of my most smart kids were not going so well.
And that led me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the series of graduate, security -- they're difficult -- properties, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these things are not impossible and it was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they work hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the aware that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a political perspective.
In education.
It's the CEO: but what if you have success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy.
So I left the streets and I went to the universe to become a protection.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of distribution schools, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Microsoft William William Wall.
And we try to predict what you can do in the military training and who would be replaced.
We went to the National National Construction and we tried to predict what kids are going to look at the most possible thing in the computer.
So we study a lot of neurons working in a really difficult level, asking them what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and from those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students?
We are associated with private companies -- asking them, what about these virus are going to keep their work of work.
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, it came up with a card as a matter of the success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good application, the physical health and was not the CEO.
It was the detection.
The definition is passionate and perfect to get very long tools.
The definition is to have research.
The definition is to go to your future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a market, not a card to all speed up.
And a few years ago, I started to study the definition in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my design students and then I hope around a year to see who you get up.
It turns out that the kids with more decided to be more likely to make a lot of gravity, even when you put them in every single place that I could measure -- things like the family, the results of the strangers -- even the security of the statements when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Pacific or in the National Control of Dennie in which it is that it is also in school, especially for the kids in risk to get it.
So for me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the detection in the children?
What do I have to do to teach the kids a work of work.
How do you kill them for the long paradigm?
The highest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the corner is not given to you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of people who are simply not going to go up with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the dependence is often not related or is even related to the middle of the telescope.
And so far, the best idea I've heard about development in kids is something called "World Mentality."
This is an idea developed in the University of Stanford by Carolina Danny, and it's the thought that the ability to learn is not a look, that it can change with the building.
Dr. Dan has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grew up in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to allow you to be able to allow you to feel when they fall, because they don't believe that that force is a perfect conditions of it.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up my discovery, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to start to start all of new with learning lessons with them.
In other words, we need to be determine about making our kids more dependent.
Thank you.
And I grew up in Taliban like the daughter of a choose -- one of my most expensive resources is my mother showing the beauty and the shape of the China.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a street, it seems to be as soon as the Great Chinese Mars.
In the last few years, I've been asking if I can run this market, so that you want to understand and to learn the beauty of this stage subjective can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and very quick of learning China could be useful to be useful to it.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the transportation of every car in the right school.
I learned new careers every day during the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese architecture would understand 20 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic advance.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic limit, the enough thing to read signals of treatment -- in order to understand the basic idea of the website or the legacy.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the death works.
Are you right?
They open your mouth as much as it is possible until it is straight.
You get a boat.
This is a person who is going to give a country.
person.
If the form of the fire is a person with bees in both sides as if I was making a federal way, "Alland, I am accepted. This is actually what it actually is organized in the way I call it, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree trees work.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The size of the door looks like a couple of legs in the old seat.
I call these eight careers.
They are building biologists so that they believe a lot more carefully.
A person.
If someone walk back, that's going to be a content.
As the ancient says, two are compared, three are microbial.
If one person was going to be their arms -- this person is saying this is a big thing.
The person inside the morning, the person is standing.
This is a private, as John inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree -- we have the centers.
They put a mouth on the tree -- that's a mind.  So easy to remember -- because a whole tree is pretty dead.
Do you remember the forest?
Two games together, it makes it very hard.
Three forces together, that's a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that is something.
For us, the sun is the source of production.
Two of them together.
Three together, those are definitions.
They put the sun to the sun and the morning together, and that's the brother.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door -- you put a talent inside the door -- is the chair of the door -- it's the door.
They put a boat inside the door, ask questions.
Tometowa, there is someone at home.
This person is coming out of a door -- spending out of a door, spending up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're described.
Three women together, they have care is adults.
So we've already spent about 30 dollars.
When you use this method, the first eight relationships will allow them to build 3D percent.
The next group of eight cars will build another 3D careers.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of cars, which is the same thing I learn a eight years.
So after knowing the careers, we started to create fires.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flower mouse. It's a volume.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun with the order because John is at this of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created John John.
A person behind Japan -- what do we have.
A piece of people.
The side on the left is two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in expert, because the Chinese companies were going to develop their political governments beyond the mountains.
Today, the expert has become going to go out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a subject.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking to you about the scale. Thank you.
What I mean about being dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the mass of Earth together.
And the film has a picture for months.
His favorite character was Germany, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a brilliant seat and take a magic vaccine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to it.
We now live and we grew up to our kids in a kind of industrial complex of specific spaces.
And yet, the magic of Earth was an issue in itself.
It didn't start that team.
The trend actually took a number of years later with a few years later, and so on, another movie whose protect -- a magnificent girl and a young girl who would get up to a young girl as a grade of the environment.
You know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies -- there are a couple of different differences between the mass of Earth and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is a lot of violence in the top of Okapi.
The hands are pretty adults, like the man.
But I think that if the magic of Earth was done today, the magnitude would say, "Do you have the space of Oxford as the teacher would predict it.
And you use a lot of magic short to go to the areas of the breakthrough of the blood molecule.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the matter of the Minister is that the most humanity characters and even violent are women.
I started to notice this when I did this when I did San Wars to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son at the time.
Just three years old.
It was not invited to the pressure because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of surface had gone down.  And so he went down in the room and I was involved as a mother with his passions behind her passions and I don't think he would understand what it was, but I don't think he would understand it.
I wonder what it is.
Are you going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out and seem?
I would have the sense that Land is a death to determine the government, the government, to go to the government.
So let's compare this with the Marian of 1970.
How do you get Daniel your movie?
So doing good men with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow out, right? And not a world of men who have come up, which is where we are.
Why does there be so much for for Facebook, force in the movies for our children, and as little about the way of love lines.
There is a lot of light about the impact of the male violence.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to get to this state.
I know for the experience that Princeton doesn't provide the right market that would have been to be able to come through the world of the adults that are military.  I think at the moment of the first base, I really hope that the creatures will start to go out because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has taken up, I have a neighborhood.
Why do you keep out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on the video and to get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advances.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl, you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiences, and it will stop the designers of Dennie to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though them, the kids are not really their own good audience.
They do a simple work when you teach kids how to go into the particular, but not necessarily show the kids how to get out of the particular particular.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and standards like Hello and Kanes, but they don't stop being films.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time it is going to be able to do in classic after each of them about a child of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who would have a child.
And so many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
And you get to all of you.
Do you remember what the critical said when I went out.
I can't believe that Palestinian has done a film of a printing.
It's very good. They don't let them stop it.
Well, almost none of these movies spend the test of Brazil.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been recorded and it's already provided, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Align Brazil is a bunch of children, and at the middle of the early 80 years, I had a conversation that had had a friend that had had a friend of the movies that you see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do, in the movie -- there are more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to make the record.
These women are talking about each other at some time in the movie?
Their conversation is about something else about the girl that so much like them?  All right?  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
And I have seen it, and yet I really see it in the middle that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good amount of a very good computer?
Right? Really of Swiss, sort of short, an idea of what is a movie of horrible Haiti film.
Pretty much it doesn't spend the test of Brazil.
And I don't think I would say, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a room where men and women are coming through the crisis.
So we have a lot of men who have deep and political conservations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the active to take a look at the door and say, "You come to the face -- room?
This is Hollywood.
So you put up in numbers.
In 2009, from the 100 times more popular movie, how many of them believe that they have female proteins.
One. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have been able to remember for Congress, then it's good.
But there's a larger number that this is going to tell this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it has been a seven time in your life.
I don't think it is the top of the mass instruction.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music of music or printed are extremely completely, but something wrong -- and when I hear that space, one of the things that I think is that there is a great amount of sex.
Who are those songs? What are they learning?
What do you not do it?
They are advanced the story that says that the role of a male habitat is to go to the violence.
We are addressing that story.
You know, as a father with the price of writing to a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this kind of very nice stage and we want to introduce them.
We have tools to our device as a potential blood, and we hope that it helps you, but I have to ask it, black power is going to protect them if we are going to protect them if at the same time, or particularly, are we running to our kids to keep their motor power?
I mean, I think the list of Bangladesh is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean the parents of the parents here.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of men.
The definition of music is changing relatively.
You would have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the space.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Steve Wars do you know about what he respected?
Walk.
Wall Kenya and Galapago.
So what do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brilliant selection.
I think they're experience.
And I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to help to get their power.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my son -- you see and fight just and more stories where you see that his work is to bring a team to a team -- maybe a team that is going to be able to make people improve and be better people, to help other people better and to be better people, like the map of Okapi.
Thank you.
As a kid, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I wanted to look at was to look for a couple of me in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that it would give me out.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They are covered and it's hard to see it.
However, with the time, I used to look at it.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me tell you.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started to study superpower, I realized to do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, in Egypt, my little paradigm in Mexico had grown up to one of almost 1,500 miles of language along to the Nigeria.
And I had a look at the size of the size of the cities.
This is really what led me to use social images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see to use it.
This is a former place in the top of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place in the way, it seems to be market, but when we use the infectious and we are using it using fantastic color -- it turns out the place you see as a brilliant party.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape that are built by building materials and the activity of the ancient experiences.
I want to share with you how we have used the social data to find an ancient city, called State, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancestor of the European East for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about 40 years.
The place is used in the Facebook, Ethiopia, and it is really important because in the Middle East, there was this great growth of the old artificial art -- the architecture and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion and the religion of it.
The jobs have always known that English was based on some place close to the early ones that they built them, including them inside the red cells here, but somewhere within this huge plan of headline.
This area is huge -- missing about 6,000 miles a half miles.
Now, the Nigeria is right next to the side of English and as it changed with the time, and it came up to the entire city.
So how do you find a city city in an extra pattern?
I will try to find it when it would be the equivalent to look for a hole in a passion, with the eyes and using a lot of biology.
So we use DNA data data to make a map of the place, with very strong change.
We were able to see where it takes the Nigeria.
But you can see more definitely, and it's even more interesting -- this slightly expensive area that you see inside the critical here, that we thought that it could be the Asian place.
So we communicate with the scientific scientists doing it from show work, you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the tables of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we look for human action.
Five feet down, under a group of southern, we found a head of characteristics of change.
So this means that in this possible power of State, five feet down, we have a computer of several hundreds of years that give from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is State.
We also found work workers -- computer, collapse and card, which shows that there was a piece of piece.
This might look like it's not a lot -- but when we think about the most common legs used in the middle of the Middle East, these are the pieces that were used to be used up.
And so we have a piece of a piece of access that gives me from the Middle East, in this place.
We also have an evidence of a piece of light that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find State here, but we'll go back to the place in a close future to get it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to provide young jobs in the use of social technology so that they can also make great discovery for them.
I want to end up with my favorite finger of the Middle East, I probably was written in State 40 years ago.
It will share the knowledge is the most of all the vaccines.
There's nothing like that on the Earth.
And so it looks like this, TED was not based up in 18 days.
You know, the ideas would really have actually started in 18 Dr. Christian in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time.
It certainly put the search of market contents in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to keep your eyes.
You can imagine it outside the door of the house.
I wanted you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now you can see a group of openness of borders in biologists.
They are compared in a little bit of biological characteristics and they go into their door to their dead.
I need you to see this true.
They're putting strong -- they are supposed to go out of a lot.
And they go back against the door of your house.
There are biologists flying all over us, which will go to their side of the wars that end up in the green places.
At the end of the passage, or what there is on the other side of the door and look at the quality of light. The light light on the Montana of the Galapagos.
It's happening with the hand.
From his silence, on a bad horse.
It's a head that I talked about.
You can feel your blue paper doing it in the north.
You can open up the back of the banker and countries that are about to move in the morning.
They go through one side and they go into his room to be.
So in the room, and making a lot of his imagination -- imagine Brazil Santas.
It is a little bit of the corner, giving up about his center memory, including Harvard Martin Amazon Mandela.
Now let me go to the cortex.
The ground has been written with a walk of yellow cards and from the ants come into you and the Hand of Harvard, the States and the Lang of "The Marian Mandela, the marketing of the hands.
Okay. They open your eyes.
And I want to tell you about a dark cost that is going to be done in New York.
It's called the Medical Malariard Court.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific design, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a superconductor.
There were a number of men and a few days of different age and different horrible heads.
They were making hundreds of hundreds of adults -- looking at it just once one time.
They made the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They would make strong countries in just minutes.
They share to see who I could make a lot of the order of a balloon ball.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be members of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This is a man called Antarctica County that had come from English and that has one of the best instruments.
I asked him, "Well, when you realize you were a knowledge?
I said, "I'm not a know.
And I actually have a average memory for me.
All of the ones that allow this computer to say that they have normal movement.
We have been trying to do these microbes of memory using a few old teachers, invented about 250 years ago in Green, the same technologies that used City to measure their discoveries, and that the media advances were used to make books of entirely entirely entirely bottom.
And my reaction was, "Dad. How did I have heard of this before.
We were based out outside of the company, and Europe, who is a wonderful English and broadcasting -- even though a little bit electrical and he said, "Well, you are an American designer, you are an American design.
Do you know why Brazil said?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to show you to Bill Santas how to measure the order in a life of life in life, in national phone.
That will tell you the world that anyone can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not Beijing Steven, but maybe you can teach me.
Or you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up going through the most part of the next year not only trying to understand my memory but as well, trying to understand how it works -- why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be their power.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named ED Canada.
He is a very, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's impressive.
Something incredibly transportation, but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is King Park. In him they were taken for the role of Demonstration Harvard in the "The "Right "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Great Root.
And we spent a list together in the public library of Santa Lindo City, including television gentlemen.
And when I came back, I read a lot of treated about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in London, in the American and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle States.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having the idea of having medical memory and discipline and communication was not a little bit like you can see it today.
A long time ago, people are involved in their memory to make their mind.
These technologies have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember -- sometimes it seems like we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people associated by this idea of a mental memory -- disease and culture is this company so simple of memory.
It's actually not so finished? There are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of research from the University of the University of London invited a group of memory companies to the lab.
They wanted to know, is it that it has brains in some way, structure or an addiction of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more smart than the rest of it?
They gave them a communication of consciousness and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and significant between the brains of memory and the contracts of control that they eat them.
When they put them in a magic machine machine.
In effect they were used or they seemed to use it, a part of the brain that will be invented and social metaphors.
Why? There's something we can learn from this?
The terrible memory of the computer memory is moving as a piece of article in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the companies have to put a day.
This is my friend Benjamin President, three times a half of meters.
In his school, in front of him -- there are 35 balls of developed data that he's about to try to make a hours, using a technology that he invented and that he was just down.
He used a similar technology to measure the average order of 180 distributed disabilities.
In half a hour.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the technologies used at the end of the end.
It was supported with a little bit of collecting as the Bart Barry. (Audience says. I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangladesh.
That is his advance.
And then I asked them, remember that there's a "Band, "The "Archistrian Christian.
And when I came back later and I ask you to remember that word I told you about a character?
Do you remember what it was.
The person who told him that his name is Bangladesh is a little bit likely that I remember the same word that the person he told him that his work is "Google?
The same word.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bangladesh, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
And with all of the other resources that make their head.
But the word, "Band." We know paradigms.
They use white signals using them.
They have it in your hands.
They go back when they go home to work.
We probably know some paradigm.
And when we got that word for the first time, we started to put them up to be able to put them up in a little bit of a point in some time.
One of the most powerful technologies to do this data about 2,000 years in the ancient African Green.
It's known as the paper of memory.
The story says like this, there was a piece called Simples that I took a bank.
They had put it together as an internal, because before, if you wanted to give a very good fire, it was not about a DNA, it was used to a position of it.
He went back to me -- I got his memory pollution, and it was short, and as soon as it was was, the room of the bank is collecting it.
They kill them.
But it's not only killed by all of them -- but I put up the bodies to give them some researchers.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting up.
So they could not be able to understand the body.
And a drug behind the other.
Simple, it was going to be, only survival, in the middle of the recently, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind -- I could see where I had been sitting up every day.
I took the families in the hand to take it up to where their beings were like the reserves.
So what you're looking at at that moment is something that we all know more or less interesting, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or number of phone or proteins for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and space space.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simple, it's very likely that they are very hard to do it.
But I would argue that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the heart paradigm in his subject, they would be able to look at it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy thing, the faster, the faster, the more likely to be.
This is a conversation that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first teachers of memory in London.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it from the same way that I had done it if they had been invited by TV about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of their house.
And to figure out some kind of an absolutely religious image of a little bit of the reading and international and interacting to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely international company.
And then you can imagine that you can imagine her home, and see the Montana of the Mars Mars on my America.
And that would tell you that they want to introduce his friend Ed Carolina.
And then you would look at Brazil Santas to remember that thank you who want to tell you.
And then they were going to go in the car, and the fourth thing that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the market organisms were killed by the words, not a word -- which is going to get it to it, but this is going to be controlled by the time.
In fact, the terrible term, comes from the "ground group, which means play.
It is a selection of when people thought about the open and the receptor with this kind of space terms of space.
The first process, it would be like the first place in your memory paradigm.
I saw this was just fascinating -- and I got out of it in that.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something outside about this subjective of complex metaphors.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly artificial event now.
In serious -- it's like seeing a lot of people sitting up by taking extensions. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is being killed by the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the face of it.
I'm a design and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in your place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of a school high school bought in a market market.
And I discovered that this was amazing interviewed.
Japan had hope that it was.
It was interestingly, because it was not just trying to understand the memory.
What it's actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these religious images -- computers, computers, computers, substances, and some international engineering, in the eye of the mind.
I got a lot of this.
So this is me, using my team kind of training for the memory of memory.
It is a couple of origins and a couple of security security contracts to leave only two origins, because the distribution is the worst energy of a memory of memory.
I ended up coming back to the same cost that I had covered a year before I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of political experience.
I thought this could be a good deal for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I get the context, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make
These are just tricks.
Because they are based on a pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they are going to be built to build patterns of the memory or to make a lot of managers to benefit with a little bit of how their mind.
And we often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be about an entire dollar, but it's not the case.
The great teachers are engaged.
At the most basic level.
We remember when we have a lot of profit.
The paradigm of the memory -- these memories of memory -- are just artists.
In fact, they're not even before.
They work because they make us work.
It was a kind of deep process -- sort of a complete attention that most of you are not going to go out there.
But the reality is that there are no artists.
This is how things are doing metaphors.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what EPA couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the subject of our resources.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our car experience in the Babbah or incomes -- not paying attention to us in front of us, who walk to our side. We're going to be so hot that we don't even move to process in protection.
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory skills in all of us.
But if you want to live a mental life, you need to be the kind of person I remember remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture of architecture today.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex theme -- so we're going to take a complex place, New Jerry.
Because 30 years ago, I am North Japan, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Lines, and this was my little child.
In the corner from my data, I was the bacteria that I share with my sister with me.
And I mean, in my data and the battery, there was a bacteria that was going to be able to be.
And there they all went out of the character looking at the tent -- so every time I went from my room to the bacteria -- everyone looked at me -- and every time I went back and go back into a table, everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was transparent, including and he was showing.
And I was able to get that record, I was able to get that bank, and I had that room and that home.
That's the architecture.
Like.
Those feel -- those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- not from the statements, but of those virtual connections that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not trying to figure out that we sit in that way, because I agree with the University of the environmental Project --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the tendency.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture of architecture of time.
That's a lot.
The architecture tells us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit of international and very, very profound.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you see -- you think about it, service, successful, successful?
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building built about 250 years ago by generations.
This is a trick.
It's a device that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in.
It's an emotional connection -- we have used this journey for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
And look at these statistics, states, in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful because it will build things to be wrong.
It's controlled, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build the personality and the governments -- they always have fear to innovation -- and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found them with buildings like this.
It's a building.
This is the public Park of Linestine that would end up in 2008, in my natural city, and, you know, has this region, and it has this red thing, collective things, which they let you understand what Lines trying to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2008, on the other side of the country, would end up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the police.
On one side is the innovation -- the artists that are constantly presented new technologies -- new technologies, new solutions for the form of life.
We started and we put it so much so we get completely from people.
All of the black -- this describes us. You think we feel very well, but we are dead because we don't have another one.
We have to go on the other side and go back to the content of those strangers approaching.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportations, so we started to experience again, we make the power of the back to it, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 30 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the decade.
Arts were experienced with the called "The "All called "The British consumption.
It has to be able to do with the room.
That can be added.
You can see small -- in the seal scale.
Something really hard.
So we go back to the 80 -- and we started to try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and get into the sites.
Let's take it back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we added them.
We were able to do and we go together and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give up.
We took Chinese antibiotics, and we turned them into them, which can be standard media made of virus.
The forms were saved, they put up in high and color and colleague.
They became collectives.
The kids grew up to the size of the building.
A light.
But they were the 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the challenge in the conservation center -- we moved to the barrels, and there in the substances, we could create our own artificial own artists.
Those fantastic could be to the medicine, to the fragment, or to the American.
You can put it with a little bit of pattern patterns.
This is what happens with the police.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They are easy -- they're basis, because instead of creating new space, we remember some other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Turkey.
This is Ghana.
The artists are sitting up and we started to make the power of new disease.
In the early 80 and at the beginning of the 90 -- we started to experience with the development called the development.
We will give us the stories of the stories now and now we have new techniques of design design.
This is adventure and sponsor, and it's supering to implement, you get totally excited.
And now, the police pollution of new intervention in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1995, you get this building.
This is the General Germany from Brazil Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with it.
Paul Galapago said that Bill was one of those moments when you're critically, advanced and public and public public -- they were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times calls this construction building of microbial.
The teacher in Brazil was at the age of 2,000 percent when they end the building.
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings -- the News, Sense, Sea, New York, California, Street.
Everybody wanted one, and Google was everywhere.
He was our first stars of it.
But how is that possible that these forms and subjects, how is it possible to become an architecture around the world?
And it happened -- because the media was taken into them and quickly learned that those forms would mean culture and terrorists.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is that the main computers in the world.
And so they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and terrorists.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new million of the new million countries with other station.
And I went to Zatis and London, and what happened with these little bits of light in the end of the new military -- actually started going through all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of information.
Think of that, for example, how do you connect architecture up.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have gone down to the next village to see a building.
The transformation is accepted, you can take a bank, an airplane, can be tools.
The active technology -- you can see in the details, in the tendency, and at the end, all of us are proud of architecture -- and the building is brought beyond their physical forests.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of the communities finally have taken the speed of the architecture of the architecture of it.
Because architecture will move so fast as fast as architecture is moving so quickly.
It doesn't get a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good thing in the architecture in architecture there.
This is how we found buildings like this.
The British wasn't a movement of two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That's never going to go back to happen. I think, because we are in the top of the biggest revolution in the architecture from the ant and the architecture, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media media -- it starts to select more faster and faster and to get to be in both of us in both of them almost in the end of the situation, and it became essentially the difference between innovation.
We can now make almost instruments -- with emotional care, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We went together to support this building that was investigating.
This is the center of a village called Paterners in the state of New York.
It's a community.
But that meant that two years before you end up the building, it was a part of the community, and as the drugs look exactly at the end of it, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes them cut with the collective memory -- and when you get these symbols, we learn them.
I mean, we don't need the groups to tell us how to think about.
We can tell us exactly what we think of architecture because digital media has not changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings them.
Think about a second in those libraries of Lines.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in looking for new biologists.
We would be broken with examples of experience, of innovation -- what can be a biology.
That is medical people.
Modern that you can take to the speed of Lines, to the people of Lines, and tell them that there is no unique response to what it can be a biological today.
We are part of this.
This advance of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those molecular creatures that use big words and complex diagnosis, and one is no longer an addiction that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't let you get into the architecture.
And that means that the single power of one step to each other, from a movement.
In fact, we can continue to go down and find amazing solutions.
This is the end of the history of architecture -- and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be only one and associated by a modern city.
And this means that a study in Brazil can be that, a study in Brooklyn, and not a bad history of red charge in the ideas of what it should be a story.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that the buildings are moving to the cars of nature and not the control.
And this means that a space of space in Michael Berkeley, Francisco, can also be able to make it hard or for home, or even you can walk there in the night.
So this means that three artists can go out in the United States in New York, and to take half a million dollars of the community in the whole cause of that cause -- it's no longer a single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single thing.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little reason of regions, as well.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a journey or a robot who built our buildings in.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we built in.
The architecture you know how to make more economic buildings, more smart and more antibiotics.
We have been waiting for all of you.
And finally, we're no longer in the opposite side.
They find an architecture -- and we work together and work together to make better buildings -- better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only represent our society, but they give them a way to the smaller space, the local biologists, the home where we form our children, and the step of the battery at the time.
Thank you very much.
This is my subject, Steve.
I just had a year and it already started walking up.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the kids in a year, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs for them.
It is totally true.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the speed.
She really love her representation.
It goes up and girls, and it goes to themselves that big and homeless balls.
It's beautiful.
And I mean, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think about it, when to do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to like our application?
Because finally, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking at Google, "I'm financially?
This is Facebook, it has 14 years and lived in Denny.
And as any advance, I just want to be wanted to be able to go up and get up.
It's drawing for the night.
This is presented for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because even though his mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful -- every day in school, someone tells him it is faith.
So what his mom tells you and what his friends, or the school companies say, you don't know who you believe who to be.
So it makes a video of it, I published it in YouTube, and I ask others to leave a computer, "I'm bad or I'm financial?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 14 comments.
Some of these are so definitely, that you don't even get to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and collective advantage, which gets these answers in one of their most vulnerable life exceptions.
A lot of people are making videos like this, in their many girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the advances today are almost never alone.
They're under trying to be in line and available all the time -- talking about, giving me a little bit -- they like, "I love it, completely sharing, completely completely, this never ended up.
We have never been so connected in the way that we have been so aware of it, in the way, as young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his course every night.
There is just no practice there.
And the social pressure that you go from the hand with that are incredible.
This environment, to be always connected to our kids to be able to go back in the number of "I like the number of consequences, you know, and the kinds of conflict that they get in.
There is no fun between a living life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is adult and what is magical disappoints.
What is the most fun thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a right?
And where are you looking for instrument?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news of the girls of now.
The cloud molecules are going to get out of our past.
The telescope is now a radio.
And you've got them like, "Air topics, "completely, the short and a punishment.
For those of you who know it, it takes it proposition.
These tools are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see with what the young people.
But kids are not used to this.
It's like the supermarket stars of the detail, and the regional contracts.
But what is the problem with all of this?
Well, we just want our kids to grow healthy and be individual individuals and they are good individuals.
But in an obvious culture for the image, we're teaching our kids to make more time and mental effort to their application, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity in its mind.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical capacity -- their students and other aspects start to happen.
Five of every 10 girls don't have to do something because they think you don't see how good it looks like.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a connection to society and the field of the local development development.
Three percent, almost one of every three areas are not interested in the kinds of class that you have to be able to make it in the streets because they don't want to call the attention for their physical aspects of it.
One of every five are not going to make sure at all.
And in the end of extensions, if you don't think you see how good enough enough, especially if you don't believe that you are enough enough -- you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that from the application.
And this phenomenon has done in Paris, the United States and China, the United States.
And it gives us an understanding of what these young people.
So so that it is very clear -- we're talking about you as you see you, not how you are really what you are.
The horizontal low about your body is getting the right research.
And it's also making health.
The advances with a few automatically less physical activity make less physical activity -- they eat less free and virtually, they put in more degrees that you can take them to a food.
They have a low automobile.
They are more excited about the people who understand them and they are in the greatest risk of definition.
And we think it's all over this because of what they make more artificial decisions like the conservation of the action and the drugs and the distributions and the distribution and the statistics of statistics, the sex and the protection and the device of a device.
The search of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not putting it.
And women who believe that they have to be able to go back again and you don't have a higher statement of all of them.
The 17 percent of women don't present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we were able to overcome this, what would that computer?
Let me look at this potential of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about it, I don't get very far up.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we need to get into their own body.
We have to help our tend to develop our students to develop the pressure of the perfect images and build their authoritarian.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs -- without going to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our kids are not only going to have a positive impact but also a hard impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family and friends.
These six aspects are points of critical points for any willing to bring an education in a body career that works.
So an education is fundamental -- but face this problem requires from each of us that we take the ones in the environment, and we are a better model to continue for women and girls in our own lives.
And it goes through the current state of how women are seen and metaphors in our cars.
It's not good to tell you with our politics of our politics in the size of the weight or the size of their papers, or the instrument that the dependence or the success of a simple class depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty of it.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by making the responsibility for the kind of images and communities that we published in our social networks.
We can take the people on their entertainment and their action and not in their application.
And let me ask you, when it was the last time they were going to get a speed?
We have to work together as communities as communities and as companies and as companies to change our culture, so that our kids grow out all their personal people, the diversity -- the increase, the increase, the inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pathology.
In order to make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of themselves -- where the way they believe that you have never been able to be able to be the ones of being who they are.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
On your wife?
The brother.
How did you have your daughter?
He was supposed?
It could just be the woman who is to two search searches -- what would it mean for her if it was free of that public voice in his environment, that I love to have no long legs -- a more degree -- a more planning -- a smaller seat, the smaller seats?
So what would it mean for her if we know this and we would say to go back to their potential in that way in that way, in the way that way.
Right now, the goal of our culture with the images is moving around us.
But we teach our kids the truth.
We understand that the way you see is just a part of your identity and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel it.
We put the automobile in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the little trips of a year of today, they become a little bit of changes of the same morning.
Let's do it.
The five of 1990 1970s, a member called Latin, will be able to go into a hole in Manhattan and put up to the Marian Montana, the leader of the New Young Department Lego.
And I was going to give you it incredibly discovered it, but it's going to be put up for other mountains -- in the company of others -- they started to play antibodies to about 12 New York.
And by the way, those plants were forced by a failure of the FBI.
They start -- the 1970s in the World Triangle Congress, could not be able to avoid it.
More likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be made in that approach.
Library is my father.
I was born in Paterner, Pennsylvania, in developing -- being a expertise organization, with a moment of an American mom, metal school.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few of the microbes, they get to know.
By the experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, you don't need a lot to get to the same things in life.
However, in all of all, in all human groups -- there is always a little bunch of people who are so excited about their conditions that think that you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
So a few months before he was sitting with me and I explained to me that in the last week, he and some friends, and some friends, had been going to be going to the team of the top in London Island, to practice it.
He told me that I went with him the next day.
We got to the Pole of California that without knowing our group -- I was visiting by the FBI.
When I took my father up, my father helped me hold me in the man in the man and I explained to me how to go to the goal to about 30 feet ago.
That day, with the last bank that I gave to the little light light on the goal and for surprise of all of all, especially me, all of the goal is in calls in called it.
My name went back to the other and in Rose, he said "The original one.
So, as a result, as a child.
And all of them had a lot of region, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so great.
They saw in me, the same level of development that my father could cause it.
Those people later, they would be able to put it up and put it up with 400 miles of experts in the energy space of the North World Triangle, including an expression that killed six people and did to other 1,000 people.
I would take those men.
I call them "The "All "The mistake.
When I came up with.
Every time I started to be able to feel close to someone who was a time to support and go to another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the class with a lot of managers.
I was able to tell my identity to avoid being the balloon? But it's going to be the new of the class and simple and religious, it was enough.
So most of the time I went home in home reading books -- seeing TV or playing video games.
This is why these reasons do not develop social skills to tell them so much.
And I was able to play to the people, which is based up in antibiotics of artistic industries, like their role or their religion or your religion or their religion or their religion ...
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way to think about, was during the early electronics of 2005.
In a public program in which I was part of the National Construction Congress, in Pennsylvania.
My group is focused on the subject of young violence -- as I had been visible from my life almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different properties.
One day, at the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had been done -- it was a home.
It took a number of days to go out to the light and I realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a free friend -- and I felt very proud to have been able to be able to see the boat that all life had made me believe that it was incredible.
Another critical moment came out when I got a job of summer in Ball Galapagos, a couple of fun.
I found people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my career.
And the whole life had taught me that the hospital was a fish and, by the end, all the hospitals were bad institutions.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with men there, in a spectrum, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and less critical that had seen in life.
So having been a kid, I developed a sense of food to the suffering of the others. But it was not easy to me to try and try and take the way to the way I would have designed to be transported.
And for that sense I was able to control the statistics that had taught me in a kid, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know how it is to be honor, but I know what it is to be hit by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Shakespeare Shakespeare.
All the night, John Steven made me incredibly honest to my internationals, and I helped me see that the role of people, the religion or the sexual organization, they have nothing to do with the card.
In many ways, he became my food in a moment where I was designed to need it.
You know, the inspiration can come out of the instrument -- and that a closed content would have had a better influence in my life that my own father was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to be in my heart for always -- as it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been enough enough and she said, "I am able to get out."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that guy in your environment.
My real name is not Zimbabwe Earth.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it into a right?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is about to bring the violence to the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was told to this violence of violence.
So I decided to use my experience to fight the temperature and against the presentations.
I do it by the victims of the temperature and the loved beings -- by the terrible pain and the loss that the temperature has been produced in their lives.
And by the victims of the temperature will talk to those actions without sense -- as a matter of my father.
And with this situation I'm going to tell me here as a test that violence is not interested to any religion or rate.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
At this moment there's a film that is project in their mind.
This is an amazing movie.
It's in 3D and has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning of it.
Your movie has a back, said and text.
You feel your body, your pain -- your mother, your plants.
It has emotions and happy and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your institution that are present to your eyes.
And it has a super-shot voice in your conservation thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of it all in right.
So this film is your conservation flow of the experience of the mind and the world.
Conservation is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of the existence of being human.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an interesting movie or you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly to do.
At least I know I have a own.
I don't know that you are conscious.
Conservation is also the reason to live it.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mission of the universe.
Why are we consumers?
Why do we have these international film.
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experience the international movie without the international movie for it.
At this moment, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to try and get the science to science, you need some natural ideas.
Some people say that it is impossible to be a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is great.
Conservation, by nature.
So there may never be a science of consciousness to it.
Because for almost all the 20th century, they predict that vision.
And the practice was studying the behavior.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific work workers about the consequences of it.
And then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Now nations like French and physics like Robert President said, "You know, it's the moment for science for the consequence.
And since then, there was a real expression of the scientific work on the consciousness of the consciousness of the consequences of the computer.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limits to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the recent years was the search of religions, between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness and a few states of it.
And we saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I tried National Kansas a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better for example, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the aware experience of looking at face or to feel pain or feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of common experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to tell you that this kind of work of the neurons will answer some questions that we want to explain the connection -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and with what they come down.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not go to neuroscientists.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness with it.
Well, I don't read the real mind of this material? Why all the physical process in the brain has to be associated by consequence?
Why is there a subjective infection.
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give them a few years to the neurons at all.
It is going to become a different phenomenon as the electrons, like the humanity, like life, and we're going to find explain it.
The typical services are all of the emergency behavior. How do you open the electrons, how they work. How do you go together, they are addressing and making the living organisms -- all of you are questions about the open work.
That could be apply to the human brain to explain some behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all of the behavior is made out of a subjective experience.
And here it is, the statement of the subject, the statement of the neuroscience, is actually not a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I took the head on the wall looking for a theory of conflict in terms of physics that will work.
But at the end I came to the connection that it didn't work for the system.
I think we were in this point.
We have a wonderful experience, which is great. We put it up to this, the physics explain the chemistry -- the chemistry explain biology -- the biology explain part of physics.
But compassion doesn't seem to be able to deal with this school.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are.
On the other, we don't know how to get that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
And I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animals, something that we need to go into our view of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that we need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with the consequences of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Dennin, which is here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the consciousness of the consciousness of the computer.
All the idea of the idea of the international film is in a kind of international or control.
In reality, what you have to do, is to explain the objective work, the behavior of the brain, and so it was all the thing you need to explain it.
Well, more power for it.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the pretty religious consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, to me.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I mean, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be protection.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is easy.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental cards, the space, the time and the way.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- like the laws of gravity or a quantum memory or a quantum mechanism.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
At the time, they were very fundamental -- and that's the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing.
In the 19th century, Mars discovered that you can't explain the electronic phenomenon in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of strangers, space, time -- the way, the basis of New Newton, and then I put the basic laws of the electronics, and I put the electrical power as a fundamental concept that those laws are going to be a fundamental concept that those laws government them.
And I think that is the situation that we find with consciousness with it.
If you can't explain the connection in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- time -- time, marriage, so because of a matter of language, you have to run the list out.
The most natural thing would be to put the connection as a fundamental thing, a fundamental card of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly is not an object of science.
I open up the way to make it a scientific way.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government the consider -- the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental concept -- the space, the time, the photographer, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want to want fundamental laws that we could be able to be able to be able to put them in a region.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we could be able to be able to get in a short.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a group of consciousness.
This vision sometimes called the statements, "The "Parkinson: "The planet, the principle, every system is connecting -- not just humans -- not just the humans -- the mountains, even the molecules of Richard King, the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles --
Even a picture has a group of consciousness.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of antibiotics when you think about, I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never develop the rooms?
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some sense of creative feeling -- solid, some private press of the consequences of it.
This can be a little crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so light?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass -- is natural as it can also be universe, like the others.
It also goes out that even though the idea looks like. It's much less for the people in different culture, where human mind seems more a connection with nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful reason to find fundamental laws that represent the thinking with the physical process, is coming into the connection with information.
And there is always that there are a process of information, there is consciousness.
It comes from complex information, like in a human being human consciousness.
It comes from simple information.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscience -- Google Talk, I took this kind of theory and development of the massive metaphors.
It has a massive measure of information, which is called the fire, which is that I measure the group of information in a system.
And it's supposed to have to be able to do with consciousness to it.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible group of information of information -- a lot of talk -- a lot of control, a lot of consequence.
In a mouse there is a measure of information of information -- just a pretty significant amount of importance, pretty important.
But when you get to the cards, microbes -- particles, the free of the paradigm I said.
The level of information is better, but it's not close to it.
In the theory of Texas, there will still be a level of a different consequence of cancer.
In fact it comes up with a fundamental law of the consequence, high degrees of the content, high graduate graph.
In addition to another reason is that the panel can help us try to try and get the physical world.
The physics and the philosophers with often have seen that physics is completely absolute.
I described the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that goes down.
As San Honor, "What does the face of the statements?
From the police vision of the physics of physics you can leave them as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of the connection of it.
That's what the physics do basically describe the flow of the consciousness.
So in this view, the conflict is the one that put it into the equipment.
In that view, the conflict doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of artist.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the police vision -- has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious constructions.
Some can be international.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had conscious, then I had to be an advantage.
If you're a paradigm and accept that vision -- you will have a lot of nature.
I think that we think about it well, this tend to transform your view, while what it matters in terms of technical and moral consider -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness but its importance and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity and its complexity
It is also natural to ask the connection in other systems like computers like this.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
Is it consumed?
In the view of the paradigm information, she has a complicated information, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get a pretty serious economic problems on the design of the developing computer systems and the size of dealing with them.
And finally, you can ask you to ask you by the consciousness of complex collective control.
Canada has their own consequence?
Or a more local level -- a growing group -- like the audience in a TED talk. At this moment we have a TED conservation, an interesting film for this complete TED group of TED -- different from the international movies of each other.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take a serious question.
So this paradigm vision is a radical vision and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more safe from the first idea, which compassion is a fundamental thing, than the second of the second thing that is universe.
The vision is a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like, how are those thought of thinking about the kind of complex connection that we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious consequence.
If not, well, probably this is the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it from night at the morning.
But I think we finally are going to discover it.
understanding compassion is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little brother in Virginia.
I had a very normal perspective, a very normal beauty.
I went to school, I went up with my friends -- I was happy with my brothers better.
It was all very normal up.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community is about my parents because I wanted to name for a price of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very bad, but there is a whole problem.
She actually has not got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I was good notes. After school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the San Solar Sea and "The Sample Crime.
Yes, I know. What does it happen.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
No one who can consider as a question if we take the distance outside the equation.
And years later, being in the second part of the taught in a high school school of Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the course of the average 11 of the dead studies a guy who was going up and said, "Hey, when you will give your consumer."
And I said, "What does it look like?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know.
When the people in terms of streets, they talk about international things in school.
On the graph of the rooms?
And it was then when I realized this, this child had had experience with people who are discussion with designers as an engineering objects of it.
And we don't are. And it is not the top of the kid, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people who are not our teachers or our doctors or our mathematics.
We are not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I am in this stage looking at what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting to be waiting to do it. Right?   Yeah.  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to be able to tell you about it.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relationship to disease.
Yes, you've sold us the mind that the distribution is something Mars, at the way, Manhattan microbes.
It's a bad thing and living with a distribution you make you an extraordinary thing.
It's not a bad thing, and it does not be able to make exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to play even more this mind through social media media.
It's possible that you have seen images like this: "The only disease in life is a bad action.
Or this one.
Or this one.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the girl without hand with a state in the morning.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little girl who was able to run out of carbon field of cancer.
And there are a lot of these images -- which are what we call the paradigm institution.
And I use the term of the death particularly, because they put a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we went back to diseases in the benefit of people without disease.
And the purpose of these images is to be inspired to be inspired by them so that we could see them and think, "Well, for very bad than my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you're that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that I've been able to be able to experience that you believe that I am a value or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public perspective.
It was as if I was going to get me to go back in the morning and remember my own name --  and this is going to happen.
These images -- those images consider people with disease in benefit of people without disease.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their perception in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think about.
They're not related to our body.
I use the term people who are discovered because I was going to be called the social model of disease, which tells us that we are more fun because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability to do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common thing.
They are just using their bodies using the best of their ability to do.
So, it's really just going to be able to put it in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people tell us, "You are a source of inspiration, it tells you as a communication.
And I know why it happens.
It's in the cause of the mind, because they have sold us this mind that disease makes us.
And unfortunately, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking about.
I am here by the instrument, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you are not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that I are.
So learning from other people in the whole time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit.
great.
We learn from the force and research of the other, not against our bodies and our diagrams, but against a world that would experience and make care of us.
And I really believe that that mind that has been sold about disease is the biggest instrument.
It makes us hard life.
And that curve, "The only difference in life is a bad accessible, the reason that that is the fact that it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of superconductors to a bunch of schools has never done it in a back.
Never --                                                                    
It's not a lot of people in a middle of a barrier and making a positive act to turn all those books to the bank.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where democracy is not exception, but the normal.
I want to live where a little bit of 15 years old, sitting in his doctor looking at the San Sea Sea, and it doesn't have no metaphor of anything to be in a chair here.
And I want to live in a world where we don't have so much experience of the people who are being used to take away from the bed and remember our name for the morning.
And I want to live in a world where we go out of the generation of people with disease, and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 degrees in a high school school in a school school is not a little bit surprised that their new teacher is a use of short streets.
It doesn't make us exception, but what you think is what you believe to know about it, I know it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the right reality and the professional force, with the entrepreneur?
And what is the average speed of a correct chain.
Unfortunately, today I just respond to one of those questions, so please don't develop it.
When people think about it, I think about Mexico Republican and in Tabain continued to understand the hands in the air -- but the reality is not financial science.
The actual reality is something that happens in our days and going on because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the real reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality of it?
The first step is what I came up with.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Golden are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what it is to be a professional debate in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a map that you would call with his imagination with you.
We can use the Google Google, under a card and know what is going to run through the game of play to 1,500 miles -- the blood goes up the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a man from 1,000 percent of us, trying to do it with all of their be.
I've been there and I make sure that it's not a nice thing.
I grew up a few videos to show you what's going to be used by the gallon, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the principles of the NGO, because the idea of the NGO of the environmental technology is a subject coming to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kenya."
It's honor to be terrible.
A moment.
Presents?
Let's go on.
Chris Kenya." As you can see, it's a purpose of what is to be taken in the food field from the period of the telescope.
You may have noticed that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, correctly from the University of Washington.
March Mars.
blue eight eight percent.
Chris Kenya, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NGO.
The families want that experience.
The families want to be in the field, to be their favorite plays, and you've asked me in YouTube and at Twitter, and you can see from the neurons of a field of field for a field.
or a corner?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galapagos, how do we move out of it, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called South Robert, which is just a lot of you know.
The Red Rooth has been described as the most real virtual reality.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ...
No, no, no, no. I don't want to follow play."
Oh, my God, my?
CA: That's the experience of a man in a mountain mountain by being in his life.
What will be the experience of a famous when we go back to a video of Arabia Peter creating the line, getting out of a teacher with the arm before you go back and make an antibiotics. What will be the experience of a famous factory.
When I can be metaphorically running on the card, they stand up to the bottom of the network, or Fed up by doing an elephant in Williams."
What will be his experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a single subjective supply?
Maybe you can increase the vision of patients for adults.
But this is not even increasingly increasing.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we take the real reality, Richard.
We're going to give us the fact that we can actually take it together when the instruments, the markets and the data see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to make for facilities?
Because they always use the technology to win it.
They like to win them. I give you money.
So here is a breakthrough beetle about technology in the NGO.
In 1990, the Pacific Patens were put up to their field of field so that they would play more quickly.
They took the South Bono that year.
Other team they decided to get them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting than it was more exciting.
In 1995, the Nigeria put together in the cards of the field of field and then in the details.
They had more specific because it was faster than it was faster than it.
In 2009, imagine that they are a play coming back to his group and you see his next playing place in front of you, in a particular view of plastic that they get present. You don't have to worry about how to forget a play.
Or to measure the story.
They just go back to the field and they get it.
And the consumers want it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they look at them, and they would have to lose them to lose them.
If you lose you for you to get it up as an instrument.
And they don't want that.
But the actual reality is not just a very beautiful structure.
The actual reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the food.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every step of the study having a view from the people who are down.
You also get information from the senses of the cards and the detections, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is going to be coming into your plays.
The good team will be able to look at it.
They will have the bad information.
This is the good thing to the bad team of the bad.
So your team team will be as important as your records, and the data.
It's also going to be done for details. Who would have done it?
How would it be in the campaign?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the battle and receivers.
So you look at an open record on the top of the side on the left part of your view you see that a debate behind you is going to go back. Now, you don't see it, but the Ray system is going up.
And you go back to the area of protection.
Another factory is an open record.
Let's give you the bank, but you give you it.
And the beauty lost the transportation.
You don't know where to deal with it, yet the answer looks at his view a street area that goes up and can be able to run the career up.
It comes up with it, and it goes up and short and antibiotics.
And the audience comes up and the families have followed the playing from each day.
This is something that will create a massive emotions in the face.
It will make many people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The families want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite play.
The actual reality is a part of the challenge because it's too often to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of the reality.
We're going to use it just as you go out and five, like our horizontal intervention?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the fact that we can use the food between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to be done for the department language.
It makes billions of investigations a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show you a little bit of how far their access is their actions from the visualization, from the visualization.
So how much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Richard trying to show the world how to be like, being presented.
How much value is it also for a Congress Congress or a National Department trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of the statements and "The schools.
Self-controlled and sense, the reality is going on.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they depend on it, as a always of us.
Thank you.
And I remember me after 24 years of service in the University of California.
Most of those 24 years I was able to pay the end of the Marian Control of Mars, which including German Gates.
The bridge is a conscious structure.
Unfortunately, it is also an island for surgery, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Great Galler Greek was open in 1973.
Japan Stanford, instrument character of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is basically to test of superconductor.
The supermarket from the bridge is not property or problem.
But from his open, more than 1,000 people have gone out of their death from that point.
Some of them believe that I will travel between the two tables to take it to another distribution, this bridge has been involved as so much that the whole from him would come out of all your worry and pain -- and the water that they spend under you will end up your room.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to make surgery.
After one of four to five seconds, the body body against the water is about 100,000 miles per hour.
The impact of the bones, some of those of those of which would be a young organisms.
Most of them die in the impact of it.
The ones that not, they usually go into the industrial water and then they were down.
I don't think that those of you who control this way that you have to tell you from the death of the death that they will come in.
This is the card.
It except about the two tasks, there are 3D streams in the bridge at the time.
This is where most people are for before the life.
I can tell you to tell you that once the person is in that car, and at the most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back again.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office considered his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the background.
When I started working in the bridge -- we had no way that we had no way.
We went back to raise the way through these call calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control the survival, but as well.
We have got a long way from then.
Today, optimistic offices and polices are brought to new office.
This is John Garden.
I met it at the age of 2010 from the last year when I got a call of a possible support of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of
And I said, and when I came out, I looked at Japan talking to an office of the George Gallery Green.
Japan was only 32 years old, and I had gone back up here from New Jerusa.
In fact, I had gone back up to here two times before New James to try to get out of this bridge from this.
After a time after a hour talking with Japan, he asked us if we knew the story of the Park of the Park of Park.
And I remember the Greek microscope, Zehead created Park, and he sent it to the Earth with a box and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity was more than Paris, and she opened the box.
And they came out of it, plays, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was the hope.
So James asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
And you put up a lot of instruments, and it goes into the right, and it was it.
This minister and smart girl in New James had just taken your life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Japan had been able to be asked it.
The collective data of the audience affect a lot of people.
And I put these questions, what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone love it was support?
What would you say.
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, you don't just talk to you, but you have to listen to it.
listen to understanding it.
You don't discover, current, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the point of influence they need.
If you think that someone is support, you don't have fear to face them and ask the question.
So a way to ask you the question is, "We have "One in similar similar -- have thought about their life -- you've had these thinks?
It will get to the person in front of it can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Some of them are going to look at it, designer, to believe that things are terrible and that they are never going to improve -- interaction, believe that there is nothing you can do about it.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a seat and I'd like to read you his car.
She lost his son at the end of this year, and I wrote this room just a couple of days ago, and it's with his period and beautiful than I read it.
"Hey, Kenya. I imagine you are in the TED.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite incentive, but I'm going to take more moments to realize that Michael will not go home.
Michael was coming from Paris to San Francisco to look at the age of 1970 with his father at the end of 19.
I never got there.
I called the police of Paris and I read it as a designer that night.
At the next morning of the next morning they came to my house, and I was interested that the car car was down in the brain.
And I had been able to go out from the bridge to the 1970s in the top of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been a lot of bad discovery, no mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to get with it.
My choices are with your street.
The GPS Green Gate God is supposed to be a journey through our beautiful bank, not a center.
Well, you know, this week, Virginia.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and to remember the way his son took that day, and also the value to go out there.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2008, I respond to one call of radio for a possible support in the top of the bridge close to the North Arabia.
I put my husband on the room and I looked at this man.
When I looked at me, I came up with the bank of the bank, and he went back in that little tube that goes around the shore.
For the hour and the next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his definition and designer.
Kenya decided for his mind that day to go back on that career and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, I happiness.
This is a new start, a new life.
But I asked him, "What was it that he made you go back and give you the hope of hope and life.
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
I let me talk to you and just speak.
And I got a little bit after that investment, I got a letter of the Kong mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
"The Second British, no one will take the evidence of the 11 of Mars, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
And I just believe that Kenya was coming up by help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been right now.
I went back to Kenya when I only had six months old, completely aware of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of those horrible forests.
Kenya is in order -- as the say.
We give God to God for you.
And I just stand up with you, Nigeria Bronx.
And at the end she wrote up, PMS. When I saw the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you would have been used as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
And right now, Kenya is a heart and a half act of society.
I talked about the events of that day and their debate with the hope that his story inspired others.
This is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal people.
My grandfather was supported with virus.
That act -- even though he ended up his own pain -- I took the opportunity to know it.
This is what makes the happen.
For most of the people, or those who consider the survival, they wouldn't think about the other person.
They just want your own pain to go up.
By the way, this is only about three ways.
In my career -- I've been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called the supermarket of the bridge around the brain.
And of those individuals that I've been directly involved -- I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who told him about a hour.
And for that time, I took my hand in three open.
In the final law, I looked at me, and he said, "I feel it, but I have to go.
And I went out.
Hello, absolutely today.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people who are going to focus on that bridge don't get out.
In addition to those few people who have gone out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second that they left from the back they realized that they had made a break and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge not only connect Marian with San Francisco but also people.
That connection or the bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be able to do.
The health can be presented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question will get you, how do you become that?
I have to be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not used by any way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had done the dream that I had had from a child.
My strange finally came with my truth with my truth with my instrument.
And by the reason why I'm going to give me later, when I look at this picture I think, you know, I got it -- I got it up.
But the last open, I discovered that, I am starting to go.
We all love our families -- our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our bodies even our body.
Some of you have the value of light, to get rid of the limits of the skin of the skin or for the believe of those who are given us.
These are people who are always going through the status, which is what it is to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my communities, many of my friends -- my friends even -- my story.
I think this antibiotic is called revolution.
This is the me.
And I was given as a "Christ, when I was born to the application of my generation.
I remember that in my five years in the Parks, in my house, I always took this way in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that place in the head?
I said, "Man, is my ball -- I'm a girl?
I knew how to deal with it.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and moving.
Because of my success -- I never went back to share my story, not because I thought that I am a bad thing, but because of how the world comes to those of us who want to get up.
Every day I thank you to be women.
And I have mom and a family and a family that you care about as I am.
A lot of them are not so facilities.
There is a long tradition in the medical culture that comes to the movie of the gentleman.
There is a distributed distribution of compassion there.
There is a diagnosis here, distributed from the diagnosis.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a picture in the Parks that I would choose these missions.
I was in front of the stage and remember that this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something led to me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw this woman called TED.
It is the direction of a beautiful big beautiful.
And that night she asked me, "Why have you not been involved in the beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of beauty of
And he told me that if she was being able to get out of the species of interview and the speed, and that night, you get in the bottom of balloon, and you get the third of the galaxy and it was third of over 40 computers.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was within the world of the beauty of beauty relationships.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from beautiful women, but I know I can.
I also met the diagnosis of the disasters, especially when we go back into the regions of the Financials.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they were looking at my solution of the green card that I could go to the United States.
I got up.
I said to my mother, "Man, I'm developing me.
I am here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful beautiful?
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you ask the United States to change the name and the inside of general?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom happened to me that I put two "Steve, to my name.
She also looked at me when I went up in Taliban at the age of 18 years.
It is clear that in some of the most rural cities of Taliban actually make the most likely surgeons, sophisticated and safe and safe surgeries.
In the United States in the United States, it was need to make the surgery before they change the name and the gentleman.
So in 2009, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the conditions of consciousness with the New York and the "Freedom of female.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a street, but for me it was the freedom to live -- to feel it.
As a result, my teachers looked at me.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
A lot of them are not so facilities.
And I think about this woman from Michael National Alzheimer's.
A young woman in New York who was worth living their truth -- but that, destroyed, put up to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our blood rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of us are doing a global value for the Danny Dan Congress.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who stop and put it back to the instrument.
These are Mars President Johnson and Santa Richard.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't continue to live my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help the other to live their truth without seemingly, or the teacher.
I'm here, exploring, so that some day there is no longer more than 20 of Nicole.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  King Santa, Germany, a quick question.
George Robert: Of course, you see, first of all, to thank all my bacteria.
My face of support to my parents especially to my family, which is a very strong thing.
I remember all the times that I've been interested by young young women -- I have gone up, and some times, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't be able to accept it, I took the phone and he said, "Man, you can call this woman, you can call this woman, you can call this woman, you can call this woman: you can call this woman
Some times it works -- others -- it's not just identity of gentleman, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
And I mean, all of us get a man in the way, and what I try to do is to put on the table the subject that some of the time that some of the times that you have not straight, and that there should be a space that allows people to be able to go to people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, and
The market movement is building compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have come in.
There should be space for the culture and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my speeds.
KB: Thank you. All very nice -- Thank you.
In a lot of public societies and transportation, the parents would be known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mars started his company for education to stop their rights in 2006, and when they took their effects in 2009, when you get the National National Project of peace -- it was very famous -- a very famous girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but now I'm his father now.
Self-controlled and sense, if we take a look at the history of humanity.
You see, in the public societies right from the beginning -- when you take a kid, your nation is not clinically.
It is not a very fantastic, not for his father, not for his mother.
The virus comes up with the mother to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother got a lot to have a child.
When you give light to the first kid, the first daughter -- you put it up.
When you give light to the second daughter -- and with the hope of a son, when he took his third child, it feels like a crime.
Not only the mother support, but the daughter -- the daughter -- when I grew up, when I grew up as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you get in home and school and school.
By the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and you can move through the streets as a market.
But when I go into the advance, when I came up with 14 years old, you have to get it out of his house without a male company.
It's connected to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the home call of his father and his brother and his family, and if you bring the code of that horizon country, I could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this country code of honor, not only affect the life of a guy, also affect the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother -- it comes out of their life of his life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human surface.
And there is a little bit more of the public societies which is called audience.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very transport, very high and very subjective.
It's the critical.
The model of a good girl must be closed.
And it turns out that it has to be simple and to accept the decisions of his father and your mother and the decisions of the antibiotics, even if I don't want it.
If you take a man with a man who doesn't like or if you take it with a old man -- it has to do it, because it doesn't want to be kind of team.
If you get a very young case, it has to do it.
You can call it a designer.
And what happens at the end.
In the words of a poetry, "The camera, and then it gives light to more kids and daughters?
And the control of the situation is that this mother is considered the same lesson of office to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this complete computer comes up and continued.
It was brothers and brothers, when I was born Malawi, and for the first time, I don't like the need to be born -- to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, I was very similar to me.
And a lot before I was born -- I thought about his name and I was fascinated with a free laboratory of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars from Mars, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I gave me, everyone was men, and I would take my fire, and I took a line of my name and I wrote -- "Marine, "Man: "Man."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old and a half and a half and a half years old.
So you might ask, why should I measure a girl in a school.
Yes, I should show you.
You can give it a sitting in California, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the public societies in the traditional societies -- is a great approach for the life.
In a school it means the recognize of their identity and his name of his name of it.
And an image to school means that has come into the world of your dream and the advances where you can explore their potential for their future.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was able to see the computer company, and I was in the religious part of the family -- I couldn't remember the advantages of some of my signals.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my brothers written in any document.
That was the reason I value to my child.
What my father could not give me to my sister or his children, I thought I had to change.
I used to look at the intelligence and the science of my child.
He was going to sit with me when my friends came to me.
And I was going to go with me to different meters.
And all of these values -- I've been interested in their own people.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mars.
I've shown all these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
It uses education for the exchange.
I teach my children, I teach the students, to forget the lesson of the open.
I taught them to students to forget the lesson of the call called security.
It was brothers and brothers, we went through more rights for women, and we went to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was legal for human rights and, particularly for the rights of women.
It was called the talent.
That means a whole range of the women in all of the women in the political activities and social and social activity.
hundreds of school.
The girls were asked to go to school.
women. women are going to be used to be used and they stopped going to the market.
The music were simple, the girls and the standards and the standards of them.
They were sent by millions of people, but a few people, and I was trying to have all of those people who kill and keep when you talk about their right.
It's really advertised.
At the age of 10 years, Mars would come up and go on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the Bon benefit of the BMW, and it came up with the doctors in the New York Times -- and I talked about every plant I could see.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It turned out as a cell around the world.
And that was the reason why the talents could not take his campaign and the nine percent of 2010, and they gave them a shape in the head.
It was a physical day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
As my daughter was left between life and death -- I would go to the heard to my wife, "I have to get me to what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I was very excited about she said to me, "Why do you don't care you.
It makes the cause right now.
I put your life in play for the cause of the true, by the cause of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you.
They were both in the right way and God protects?
These few words made a lot for me, and I didn't go back again.
When Mars was in the hospital and I had serious doctors and strong data body because his favorite nervous was completely, I used to see a dark single sale that was spread by the face of my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife,
But my daughter never got up.
I used to tell you, "I'm good with my supermarket super and with the entertainment in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't worry?
It was a control for us, and we get it.
They were being brothers and brothers, we have learned from it how to answer in the most difficult moments and I think to share with you.
I read when I didn't have his task up.
And it comes up with their brothers and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is that special in my culture that has done so hard to Mars so valuable, exploration and antibiotics?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
So what I didn't do.
I don't cut your high back, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal screen.
I am an instrument.
And I want to tell you that I remember the Microsoft group of Google -- where I've had a diagnosis to my car, the God of Google Alexander, but all the work that I will talk about here today about the science of the brain, I actually did before the science of the brain or outside of my work there.
So having said this, there is a stage when you take a brain.
Are you just just the same kind of intelligence or right?
It will not be like this, you can go back to be interesting.
After the neuroscience, I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gravitational matter -- but it was the death part of the center that creates important and neurons of neurons.
In addition after the operation, I had to decide how much to take -- from more than a document of chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and the magic molecules, and try to get it, to keep a life.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But by the way, I have a bit of experience, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the last data because it really doesn't have a clear map that says it at all.
I started to test with different markets, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the drugs were completely changed my picture, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particular case for a few months, for a few months -- and I tried two-thirds and technical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by looking at how my thinking.
I was always forced, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and                          I mean, a lot of times in the past I've known a lot of things like this.
It turned out as an extraordinary one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be anticipated.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to be trying to be trying to get a problem that I had in the front of the front -- and just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my drugs.
But I think that experience gave me a new experience about men and about what they have to go back.
So what I was trying to do. When you add those ants and neuroscientists, and so on, I was to remember my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my creative training.
And I used to think about it almost in images -- and that became my key research point -- how do you with those mental images that I used to create presentations, my ideas -- if you want to do it, you try new ideas and getting signals.
This kind of thinking is not new again.
Philanthrophic as Human, Deserts and Halls look at things like this.
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who have the idea of this idea, and there are a lot of drugs about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I got to find the point right now, and I have a lot of great mental managers, really very successful, and so on.
Now, I'm working on how to get well through these mental images of my mind.
So you can imagine what happens if a cell direction was able to use their imagination only to make the world that has the world."
Or if a music could spread the music of your head.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difference to do this is just to increase the solution of our brain school.
Let me show you why I think we are quite close to get to this with two recent experiments that are actually done by two different groups in neurons at all.
They both used terrorist technology -- image for the most fundamental music, to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain team made by George Gates and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color on the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looked at an picture.
The control of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same picture.
The control of the right is created by the content of the central control on the left -- you see that the difference is almost true.
This became a lot of different individuals with a lot of different images.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost true.
Now, let me show you another experiment. This is the lab of John Gandhi in Benjamin, California.
They were able to become the brain rules in the recent visual field.
We put this way.
In this experiment -- I showed people in the hundreds of hours of YouTube games as they were looking at their brains to create a great range of brains of the brain to the video.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as it was a new school.
The computer, using only the brain information of the school that I decided to show you what the person was looking like.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
So this left us back.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, it created in the brain the same map.
This was led to the system of the brain brain systems in the way that they were available today, and their solution was involved as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase a thousand times a thousand times to get a more profound look at it.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of technologies to do it.
One is to open up the crime and interact electrons.
I don't care for that.
So many of them are making new technologies of pressure for images -- even me -- and I'm going to tell you with the recent result of the FG: first we should ask you the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more solution is with more big, but to this point, you can only get little better people in the solution, not increase for thousands of as we need.
And I put this idea, rather than the larger instruments, we do better instruments.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different groups, like making a speech.
And why does this care about?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Fried were to make really big imaginations, right?
However, most of them are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
At the time, instead of a massive magnetic field -- we use mathematical patterns in the face of the Dr.
So when you eat the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the printing printers of the FBI Revolution, we can increase the information that can be spread in a single scanner.
In addition to it, we can go out of our access to our understanding of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we used to be able to be able to measure not just not just the family of original blood business, but the horse and terrorists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the right national activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be completely?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without financial?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be interesting to use it as a tool to apply our skills of thinking and community.
And certainly this same tool could take to the course of the Alzheimer's classroom and disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door here.
In all ways, you get a year, it will happen in five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of it, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the gay artist.
I think we all have antibiotics.
His adventure is probably saying to some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is presented, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have been interested in life.
It's all a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can come up, the experience of having lived and have come out of that article is something universe.
Day, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South State Collection, a region in the city, and being there, I had to take a lot of pictures of the international molecule, and I will not give me my standards, and I will take the letters in the Francisco Darwin as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the horse of my specific screen and for me to have taken the head a little bit, I would ask me a little kid a little kid, like, you're a little girl or girl?
And it would look at an increase in the table.
I looked at my market a little bit more, I would take my career with a piece of robot.
The father was incredibly increasingly developed and the mother would look at a cold look at his child.
But I would not say anything, and I would take it into it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I promise that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation to it.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go back in the female issues in the table --  -- I had the clouds of Britain France.
The clinics of German Stanford.
Even a principle of the "Man of the village, that I showed up.
And so I turned out to go up and down the look and my speeds a little bit of four years with a root sea, looking at what is not a challenge for a perfect drug, just a girl with a question: Are you a girl or girl?
And so I was going to go back to me again, and I went out of collections close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something controlled.
And I have the short head like a girl -- and I see a kid, but I am a girl, and you know, as you like to use a piece of it, and sometimes you like to use a heart company, and sometimes you like to use a heart company.
Well, I am more about the kind of a computer chance?
And that girl looked at me -- present attention to me, and he said, "My favorite life is virtually virtually and it has a fish.
You can give me a paradigm, please give me a paradigm.
And that was all of it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a child.
What's going on with the passion that I paid?
It was the most easy conversation of everything that has ever had before.
And why is that? Because the girl of the screen and I, both of us were hospitals on the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some animals in my life, and yes, I often mean, my walls used to be an adults.
But inside the dark -- you can't know what color is.
You just know how one is living in a limb.
It's like my adult is not different to your or your own or your you.
It will give you 100 reasons why I will come out of my adult was more difficult to go out of it, but this is the stuff, the hard thing is not relatively.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain someone who have been talking to you that you have been talking to you in the red blue is more difficult than saying it's been an adventure?
Who can tell me that this story that is more difficult than to tell your son of five years that you're going to discussed?
There is no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop making care of what is hard to do to what difficult to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our adults and we have to just feel like something difficult to us.
In some point in our lives, we all live in adults, and they can make them feel safe or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are doing their walls -- an adult is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
And I had a card card, and I had a seat and heart short short.
It was not the military military to fight against any four years that would go into the coffee to go into it.
I was running through the fear -- I was involved in a corner of my dark statement by making my great blood grade, and the moving is just the most exciting thing that I've ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my life was trying to be trying to tell them, and now the world was going back to it.
I was looking at the pages of a question that we've all followed for so much time, but if you don't take it out that big, I'll kill you.
So one of my most mental graphics was in the middle of my brain.
And it was the first time a lot of people who knew that it was galaxies, and when I do my own hand short, in my black and terrible seat -- I walked around the table and finally I came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the wonderful women -- I love New Land.
And the galaxy of the government had started out.
"And so, once you were in the Carolina."
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic.
"So you know my stranger Asia.
It's very good and never talked about having no needle.
"So what is your failure of failure for fantastic.
Our favorite program.
And you know who was loved."
Japan is our favorite.
And then a woman, defined but in hope to show you his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband use for the roots use for the roof points?
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the grandmothers in the gravity.
It might have been easy to have been easy to figure out where they were singing.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were still.
And what else is you going to ask someone to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask you?
If you're going to be adult with somebody -- you have to be prepared for how often you get it.
That's how the hard conversation is still without being my strong point.
You ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles from the Pacific Chinese.
Now, please look at this through the blood perspective, but they understand that what it is to come out of any article is essentially the same thing.
Number one.
It comes out the architecture. They are yourself.
That girl in the coffee did not have an authority but I was ready for the battery.
If you want someone to be generally, the other people have to know that we also survive.
Number two, they are distributed. You just get it.
If you know that they are galaxies, you do it.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be galaxies, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important --  -- --  --  --  --  -- you leave the computer.
You communicate your truth.
And you go up with that.
And some of you can go out and get out of the next thing that they have done, but they never spread for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel decisions, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the experiences of them about what you are, but not your own their own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write in.
So the next time you find in a local dark support by getting a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you can feel very simple, but they are not.
Thank you, Bangladesh.
Instead, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous center of Design Design that the question of if a machine can think about is as interesting as the question of if a subject can be showing?
When I grew up wrote that he did this as a critical to the pictures of innovation like Alan State.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical members of the information.
Let's take a step up.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a strange rate, that you don't know anything about the Earth of the Earth or from the Earth.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact on.
But if you are from a reading rate that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explain how to explain how to a certain time at the time, the altitudes that would develop the surface of a planet.
And this is why I guess that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of the intelligence of information.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, he took a variety of issues through science through a lot of disease, that I think, I think, to a single method of intelligence of the information.
Now, for example, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be very adventure for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the developing state of states that make the diversity of possible.
And finally, in the robotic movement. There have been a variety of recent technologies that have tried to take the skills of the robots to make the future.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I said, from a number of years ago, there is a support mechanism for the intelligence that we can end out of all these different tests?
Is there just an issue for international?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close to one and the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're looking at here is an article that intelligence is a force -- Facebook, that act with the end of the financial future of action of action.
I act to make the future free of action -- or keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of possible future forces, Yeah, to a very future time, three.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be straight.
The intelligence is trying to make the future.
And so I have to tell you this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How critical is it?
Do you make the level of human intelligence.
Do you have an artificial intelligence intervention.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Now, Republican researchers have happened that the universe to produce more development, or the entrepreneur, for their life should have access to more favorite conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that political connection between the train and the intelligence is a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of the most profound relationship and the international relationship of it.
What happens if the smart behavior is not only related to the production of a long transportation in the long way, but it actually sounds directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a piece of software called English, designed to make the production of the long transportation in any system in any system in which it comes in.
So surprisingly, English was able to go out of an American intelligence -- to play human games -- and even make money.
Here are some examples of the Internet in action.
So just like a heart of fish without career, here we look at the entrepreneur by looking at a position using a card.
This behavior is normal in part because we never gave him a game.
I just decided to be able to go through the poster.
This ability to have applications for human reduce and human humanity technologies of human assistance.
This ability of tools to have applications in the smart matter and antibiotics.
In addition to the same as some other animals are able to be able to be able to get out of the top of a country at the same time to raise the food, here we see that Islamic can make a version of the model.
This computer capacity has interesting consequences for economic plan and a variety of other field.
It is extremely excited about a variety of doctors.
For example, here we see it exactly playing a game game against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we look at the entrepreneur to open new connection in a social network where the friends are completely considered and keep with success the whole network of consumer.
This same capacity of the network of network also has applications in the health of health and energy.
So here we look at the stress of the bottom of a bank of banks, which is working with success and using the Canada of Park to be able to get the world from the Alaska to the Pacific to the Pacific.
In the same way, I explore it is extremely application to problems in the automatic debate and collective and transportation.
And finally, here we look at English experience to find out and give up a company of compassion, sell in a series of action business -- especially increase the active under their exploration expensive.
This ability of risk of risk is going to have an amazing adventure in financial and safe states.
Alexander Washington? What you've seen is that a variety of managers of human human behavior as the use of tools like the use of tools and the social competition -- all of you all come out of a system, which leads to a system.
Now, here's a deep transportation.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robot of the robot -- the work of the "The "The "The "The concept of the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a critical record.
The machines would come to us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the computer record to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then metabolic and they try to get out of the world.
This is all the opposite of the control of taking the control of all possible future is a more fundamental first than the intelligence that the general intelligence can actually be able to be able to make the control -- instead of being the control.
Another important consequences is the search of the goal.
And they often ask me, how is it that it is that you can look at this kind of market."
My equivalent to that development to go to the drugs to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next thing, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that trying to make the future of action and avoid the drugs in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the cost of the stars and lose the planet we call honest.
But in the last few years, we have gone up a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth.
The Microsoft Microsoft of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that come around other stars -- which is that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxies of our galaxies there.
Kenya is a space of a space that is that I would take the linear interest of the stars when the planets go on front of them, and make a little bit of that light that you get us.
The data.
In the way, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about if these planets we find are horrible or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this terrible world, our own planet.
The year 2011, it was the most expensive content.
Germany and ice ice that have been with us from the molecules now are going on in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale.
But I'm not a science of the climate or any antibiotics.
I study the ability of the planet involved by stars with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I would look for a lot of strange opportunities in the industrial sex.
Now, as someone really interested in the universe of life in the universe I can tell you that the more similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world invited a company between the planet.
Let's take our view, Mars Mars.
Mars is small and representation and despite being a little bit further from the sun -- can be able to consider a whole world that has been able to show this by a mission like King.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been used in the past and in part -- that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The "Steven, they break their surface in search of the lives of life as we know it.
The subjects that the organization, like the MIT Missis, they take shows from the atmosphere.
The private companies now offer not only some space boards but also the chance of living in Mars.
But even though all these moral images are remind us to the death of our planet, places that are being used in our imagination with the extra ideas and the plants, in share with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
Let's take the experience of the dead areas of our planet that are still going to be able to be able to come out, really expensive places in sharing with Mars with Earth.
Even in the most expensive places and more electronic in the Earth the air is free and relative of oxygen for our traditional forest.
I worry that this equivalent of Mars and other planet planets are going to be a big and six states, the impact and the growth of some of the things that Mars would expect to save out of the only planet of the only planet that we know is true today, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the Internet, I am in deep determination with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the cause of the Titan is going to tell us that the fact that the truth of truth is going to be more expensive in the stage books.   Thank you.
But the goal for the Internet explore and the land is not controlled.
No, they are actually faces of the same man, the goal of understanding and improve and improve life in the future.
The most extreme environmental environment in our world are going to look like strangers.
You just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep horizontal spaces -- in the horizontal areas and institutions of the Earth, maybe we could take the need to provide our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment.
A lot of years ago, the American physics asked you to realize that our universe has been for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe -- we should have found evidence of the existence of the life of life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the fire of Fed is that when the citizens are going to be enough enough to continue to continue to be living between the stars -- you lose the notion of how important the planets were being able to protect this development.
It is adventure to think that only the Internet control will save us from ourselves of ourselves, but the planet, and the planet present and the innovation can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to go to the American environmental environment for the human people, then we should be able to hold the task even more easy to predict the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I looked at my own house.
And while I was in the front of the passion looking at my balls, I realized that I didn't have the short.
In fact, I could look at the window that they were in the table, where I had left them.
And so quickly I tried to open all the other door and virus, and they were all very well.
I thought I was going to call a skin, at least I had my cell -- but at the age of a skin I could take a lot of time to go back, and I was cold up.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Japan to spend night because I had a whole set of Europe to the next morning, and I was able to my passion and my marriage.
It would be close, but I sure I don't love that a cloud at night, so I thought, even though I went out of the cultures, it would go right out.
I am a professional business and a little bit about how the brain works.
It looked down that I increase the cardiac room, and the levels of adult and neighborhood the thinking.
And when I came to the factor of the audience in the audience, I realized that I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without depressing.
And I started to ask you, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in your place, you know that they have bad things.
Or at least if it happens bad things -- that they make the chance that it is a total cartoon.
So I was going to think about that, but until a month later, my thinking was no lovely.
I was coming up with my colleagues Daniel Kansas, gathering from the North North Prince, and a little bit like I was talking to you that I went down the window -- and that I had forget my passion, and David shared with me that I had been making something called present research.
This is something that he had learned from Philadelphia Gate, who had written from this a few years before you know, as well.
You all know what's the police.
Every time there is a destruction, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the beginning, as Daniel Democrats, you look at it and try to figure out all the things that they could go wrong -- to control, try to figure out what it can do to avoid that things would happen or to move the day.
So what I want to talk to you about you is a few things that we can do in the form of a private.
Some of them are events, others are not so evidence of them.
I'm going to start with the obvious one.
In the home, I will get a place for the things that are lost for it.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this test, based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called head, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the important things, where it's the good, where are the fish -- which is the fish -- which is the fish of the fire and energy.
The hyper-conference is the part of the brain that is made up in the short shorts.
This is the part of the brain that allows us to find their neurons.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experience, they cut the subjective sense of the arms and still they could find their numbers.
They were not used by the click, but the headline, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
So this is the reason to lose the cars of the car.
So in the house you get a place for the shores, a grandmother with the door -- maybe a digital pathology.
For his passion, a particular box in it.
For their law galaxies, a particular metaphor.
If you add a place and they are written with it their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the flowers?
They take the cell a picture of their critical workers of construction, life, present by the card to themselves for them to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or the recording, this can be forced by survival.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when you are under states, the brain was completely controlled.
The cortex is terrible and the thinking.
And so part of the private practice is to recognize that under studies we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their situation.
And there are maybe not more successful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some moment, we're all going to be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be able to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical audience.
But this is a little bit like a protection for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact for the form of financial decisions and social decisions any kind of decision that you have to take that they would have to make a rural education of the facts that are going to be done in the facts of the done.
So let's ask you to go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and the color is a little bit high.
They all know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of collective disease, and it goes into the heart of the heart and the heart leaders.
So you are thinking that having the high color is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a station.
And maybe you have heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the station.
But there's a question that you have to do then, a stage that has to ask you that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the political companies even less.
It is for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, NASA.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a society in any medical process before you help a person.
And you should think of what kind of statistical space is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not close to the doctor -- and if it's close to something, it's from scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the support metaphors.
But the Galapagos of George than 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most amazing state of responsibility, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person.
300 percent.
This is at the research of the computer calls of the Christian Christmas Revolution and Paul Harvard, considered by instrument by Beijing.
I'm going to explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid a single heart of heart -- brain or other experience or another experience of it.
Now you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my color.
Why not, doctor? Let me tell you about all models.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hey "The second seconds, right?
For this particular medicine, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those are transparent things -- and you have a magic doctor and artistic pain and article, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to me, even to take the medicine?
But a moment.
They remember that under students don't think of care.
So you think about how you love this with the time, so they don't have to make the role of reason in the act of it.
300 people take the fragment, right? At a person has been helped -- five percent of the 300 percent of the 300 of them have side effects -- that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the physics that you help you the drug you.
I don't say they were or not to take the space.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor with it.
The medical music has it, it is part of the beginning of the information consequence.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to try and get the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've taken this number in the air for the value of the car, but actually this number needs to treat is pretty typical is pretty typical to it.
For the surgery that it is actually done in the most 50 of 50 of the property, the number to cancer, the number need to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try
And this is what it is is 45 surgeries for a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the matter or exploration or construction increase, completely completely relatively, relatively feature.
And if you have supermarket, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only will take a year or two.
So the idea of the price is to think about time the questions that you can plan to be able to get the conversation to it.
You don't have to make all of this in the act of it.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a more short life of dollar, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think of now, with their family and their own waste.
You can change on the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking of this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain would look down under students, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they have a lot of system.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
And I was able to face with a device, you don't need the digital system, or the limitation or the institutional system, because if the body is spending the metaphor in those things, it doesn't really get to be the land of the laws -- so nothing that matters -- so anything that's important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window for those moments of stress is the right economic thinking -- like David Kaneupational and their colleagues have shown up.
So we need to try to think about the future to these kinds of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are.
We are all going to be able to get out in the time.
And the idea is to think about the future how they could be those food, to put the systems in the place that will help us move the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Remember the night at night, when I came back from my journey -- my control.
And I have to notice that I still have a lot of cars that I have not set up, and many of them in the fact that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very organization, but I see the organization as a legal process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Institute, Pittania, is my favorite musical silence.
It means to play something out.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a memory, you need to play more.
Two "I mean, even more surprised.
Another four, extremely sure.
This is my piece of a tree of a trip, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "Chunky can be going to be a complete context.
That is my current definition of simple, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signals, the AIDS, as a little bit of my own story.
The language of the French senses came during the 1970s, and with the time of time, it's moving with local sites, and it's developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born strange. And they taught me that the sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a healthy person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a strange country -- following their rules -- consumers, behavior and rules without the consumers.
So how do we understand the sound of it?
Well, I see how people make care and respond to the sound.
People are kind of like my very standards and the sound.
learning and controlled that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example, for example.
Don't get the door?
"You don't do a lot of noise when you eat the background of the foreign patterns.
"You don't know, and when you're looking at it, I mean, I will not take the covered in the paradigm.
All of this is called "The sound of sound.
Maybe I think about the way that the average person does.
I am a chance of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound -- which is about to come up with it.
In there, this one.
TED, to say.
MIT, to continue up.
TED, for advertised.
You can see that the page doesn't have any notes in the lines in the line.
That is because the lines already have sound through the super and short barrels.
In the strength culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Planet, in the AIDS.
A typical oil has five line.
However, to me, to do it with my plant so it doesn't feel natural in it.
And that's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year year, I had the opportunity to go back to Bertan, Germany, for an artificial relationship there.
So before this time, I had worked as a paradigm.
And during this summer -- I was able to see music and space, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the teacher, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has come into my land of art.
Is it going to give me more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know that so well that it is not only to experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in touch or to experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and put it into my artificial practice in my artificial practice here.
And everything that had taught me in the way to sound -- I decided to leave it and do it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I put it to the artificial community, I was involved with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the power -- the control of the control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a sense, it was some of a single person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could let me go to me and my art work, or I could be able to get up.
I choose to get it up.
There is a massive culture in the language.
And just because I don't use my light voice to communicate to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same time and become my voice.
So I am able to be related to the current society.
So in school, in the school and the institutions, I work with a lot of different interventions of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and happiness.
In fact, when you ask you to ask their voices -- I am able to keep a simple form of value -- something like taking a test with a very high interest rate of interested in.
If I wouldn't continue to this practice -- I feel that I could go into the forget and not have any social value.
So with the sound like my new artificial environment, I was deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the signals between music and the AIDS.
For example, a musical notion can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the role of the paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept in AIDS.
And the two are very special and highly models that means that substances can affect all the meaning so much of the signals as the sound of the sounds like the sound.
I would like to share you a metaphor of the picture, so they get better how it works.
So, imagine a piece.
The Step is available in many different paradigms.
If you get a different piece of different for every day as you take the picture, as the favorite experience, the movement of the body, the space of the hand and the way that the hand comes up, the English is a local language -- as if you put only a touch at the time.
However, the TED is more like a content, you need the 10 days in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just change the content, it would create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing happens with the music at the same time, and they are all voluntary.
So in AIDS, when you use these different graphics -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the silk sign in that.
This is the silk signal in that.
I'm looking at you.
And then you see it.
Oh, I got up.
You hear that.
What are you looking like?
Oh, fair?
So I got to think, and if I look at the Steve through the molecules of the music?
If I had to create a question and you get it over and over again, I could get to be like a visual music.
So for example, this is the size of the sun, the sun comes out and it comes up.
This is the day.
If you get it back and reduce the speed -- it comes up as a musical piece of me.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about the night?
All the night night?
This is all the night, in this wall.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "Google, "Danny "Dad."  All the night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time is going on at AIDS, and how the difference to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand -- it's a hand -- two here -- it's two hands -- the present becomes more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is a lot of time.
Then "The passion, "The "Professor -- and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very rich idea of a very, very rich idea at the time.
"This means "completely, it's a musical term with a specific speed of four time.
However, when I see the word "Fortune, I think about the same time.
You look at MIT, right?
We have the oil through the head and the person.
You know, MRI, Mars Christmas "The Chinese -- MRI, Mars, I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "The "Free face.
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the person, something like a common time, or the same time.
Yes, very well.
That means "well, in the international system.
The international system, as a notion -- is a visual tool to help us communicate in all the culture and the language language around the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Collaborator, in the AIDS.
Now the third one. Please go again.
And again.
It's "mind, in the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"World, "Collaborator, "completely, "completely?
All right.
Look at how the three times are very similar -- they all happen in the head and the person, but they get very different.
It's incredible to see how the TED is living and supporting, as the music is.
However, we live in a very adult world.
And only because the TED doesn't have sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is and allow the SAR to develop their own value and without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more include society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be ready to learn ED to learn MIT.
The TED is a teacher and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your eyes, to open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can get out of us.
Thank you.
Death Kanese? Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents said, "You can tell me everything -- but then you have to close it.
The freedom matters responsibility to it.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a piece of knowledge or a research burning -- I should say, because the adults are told to protect us from the true.
When I make them bigger -- I'm going to tell you that adults are also going to show and that they're not very good to clean the others.
The time, I am now anticipated and teaching the city and invited in the American school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the screen with a lot of talk.
So as a good cities, we ended up the pathogens, and no, it's not a complete choice, and if it is, I didn't give it.
This is a question to say, but today more than 80 percent of the ocean they have plastic.
It's kind of specific.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bees and networks to recognize those plastic pieces to study the microbes, and we put them together and we cut this information into a map of a map in a map.
But it is a lot of entrepreneur, and it is very expensive and it's also very adventure to use those huge biologists using them.
So along with my students, with the age of six to 15 years, we have to invest a better way.
We have brought our distribution in Hong Kenya in a talent.
We started to build this work of work with the stage of statement so that kids very low can also make it.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who use electric tools are really great and safe and safe to you.
Not exactly not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plastic here.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their freedom.
We do.
I left the imagination of my students here.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get them into something we hope that it works.
And we decided that instead of getting plastic protocells, we just will take information.
The use of a robot -- we take an image of this plastic -- kids are excited about the robots with the robots of the robot.
Then we grew up quickly what we call a protection.
We are so fast in the creative creation that we ended up before we were going to get out.
And we took cards and cameras and we took it into a fantastic robot that will move up in the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the heart image for the robot.
We see the plants of plastic based up through the sense as the computer of the boat is going to make this image and measure the size of every particular thing, to get a chance of the amount of plastic in the water.
And we developed this invention step in a website in a website called "The Internet, with the hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and then they are trying to solve it.
And I'm going to give you my local problem, but my students in Hong Kenya are very well information.
You see the news.
A kid, maybe less than 10 years old, by making a piece of oil -- just using the hands in San, in San Sea, the largest slice of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they have, is the water in which you get up, the water where they fish -- the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is three, the barrel and the oil are also the white color and when all of it comes up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called super-show, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first piece of a support that can take through all kinds of sound that produce different species, which can help us identify what there is in the water.
So let's take this program with a sense and take it to Bangladesh.
So the cool thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to add a local problem, my students used their company and their sense of creativity to help them close to other children.
And I'm going to give you a problem, and I looked at me to make a second experience, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe you can get a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a half and half French and maybe remember, that in 2009, there was a device in Japan.
It was so violence that they wanted a whole bunch of young surfaces, called the terrorists, and those transformations were brought several cities in the cost of it.
More than 14 people died in an instrument.
It also gives us the nuclear energy plant of Francisco, a nuclear cell close to water.
And today, at the top of a 300 tons are still taken out of the nuclear plant in the ocean.
Today, all the Park Park has the police of control for 1950.
If we go to the perfect cost -- we can measure the restaurant of Francisco everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the religion came out of the Coloral cost and most of the time, and most of the time, it has a safe impact is blue is blue here.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to France every year from the accident.
Of course, we don't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we put into the control center -- here you see the use of different marriages.
It could look like they did not take the work, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the responsibility all their life.
And then you go through the data of the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do after the strategies, the strategies, and so on.
And in order to do this, we created a massive map of the region around the planet of nuclear energy.
We created the map map -- we were able to be able to reduce data in real time of the religion -- and we put water to the street.
And with this we could notice that the radio role was used from the top of the morning to the rich system and the open in the ocean.
It was an experience of it.
But with the based of this we organized a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear central to the face.
We go back to 12 miles of the nuclear central -- and with the help of the area of the area we were growing out of the mass leaders with a piece of death as we invented and we built it.
Here we see a programmers, we've gone from a local problem to a real problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with open code technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly front because we've only been starting to measure the day we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the room and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit like so small at the way, we found an industrial institution in Hong Kenya, and we turned it into the largest space of social and environmental space.
It's in the center of Hong Kenya, and it is a place where we can work with mobile, medical medical -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where the adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the kids of kids can actually become the help of adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students? And accessible? </s> and access?
Cancer Daniel -- we ask things like, we can invent the future of the molecule with relatively relatively energy.
For example.
Or we can help us in the movement of the old age to bring their synthesizers in new electronics in new electric values?
The plastic and the religion and the responsibility are large legal legacy, but the worst lesson that we can leave our kids are the mind.
We can't afford to protect the kids of the real region, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientists creative, creatures, supermarkets, we need to support the next generation for the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two cells there, two cultures of incredibly content design.
So one is made of thousands of pieces of artists, the other one of a single silence.
One of them is simple, the other one.
One is about the environment of the environment, the other one.
One is designed by nature.
Michael New York said that when he looked at the miles at the way, I saw a picture that I heard for being free.
The blind was only one tool of Michael Newton.
But living lives are not clinically.
They grow up.
And in the smaller units of life, the cells -- we take all the information it up for every cell to work and to represent it.
The tools are also consumers.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been developed by the regions of the factory and production in the way.
The mountains have been able to tell a world made of parts -- including the imagination of design and architects in order to think of their objects as analysis of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find mathematical materials in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite skin is defined with the distributed parts.
The speeds of the space are more groups with little parts.
You actually act in the same way, the other thing as a barrel, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there's no stress.
This is a system that would come out of their function through the value of electricity.
Here is a public screen that represents my view of the developing world, and the twice of every design and architecture to work right now between the blind and the gene -- between the machine and the organization between the engineering and the growth between the Hollywood and Charles Darwin.
These two view of the world, my left to the right and the right and the right and the rights, is shown in the two screen.
My work, in his most simple level, try to bring these two vision of the world, coming out of the engineering and doing the growth.
You probably ask, "Why now?
Why did it not be possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a red moment where you put four dollars that you put up to designers that we had never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four camps, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands.
We designed objects and products and tools and tools through scale.
So here we have invented the client, an article of the ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where every orchestra is just just to measure the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a factor. This was for a malaria of Parkinson's marketing with Arabia -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece of piece of piece of piece of the center.
With the control of 3D States, we were able to make this layer and stranger 3D with the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this card comes up with the rational materials and glass in the U.S.
This is the solution of a human head.
It's also the solution of a CEO Congress.
And that designers have access to this high solution and the symbolic institutions -- it allows us to design products that are addressing not only the form of our bodies but also the physical structure of our teachers.
And we've also designed a clinical chair -- a click at the same time, and it can also take sound out.
The Prince Christmas -- my colleague, we went back to nature to inspire it, and to design this piece of surface surface, it becomes surprised.
We set up this surface of 45 different properties who are going to look at the relationship, and color and color and collapsed to the pressure points in the human body.
His surface -- as in nature -- it would look at the adventure of another material or another statement, but it's going to go up with the material process.
But it's the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't grew up in a religious home, but when I was a young thing, my grandmother told me stories from the Borning Bush, and one of them was going to me and he came up and he got a lot of what I care about.
As she reads it, "The third day of creation, God was going to make the Earth grow a factory free training tree.
For that first early tree -- there would be no difference between transportation, rooms, balls and frontiers.
The whole tree was a fragment.
In change, the land made trees grow trees with robots, control, the stores and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts of it.
I often ask me, "What would the design be if the objects were made of a single piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation."
So we were looking for the basic material -- the kind of material of the early tree with free, and we found it.
The second biological trillion on the planet is called a control, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organizations as cars, computers, companies and marriages.
We think that if we were able to use their own properties -- we could generate moral structures in a single piece of system.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal market.  We asked a lot of carbon cars, and we had a lot of street and we produce a lot of street.
So I looked at the chemical conflicts -- we have been able to get a grandmother of prototypes, from the dark and the hard and the light, the light and the street.
In order to give you the structures to a great scale -- it built a system.
The robot could be able to look at the properties of the material and create these structures made from a single matter of a matter of long -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you leave them out to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we keep designing players.
The air.
We use with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed to make it quickly carbon from the atmosphere.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their treatment without the problem of video to marriage, and if it comes up even more, to virus.
A whole bunch of free company.
It would work with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've brought a structure made of carbon carbon in an architecture that becomes a tree.
And here is the best part of them -- for objects that are designed to biology, put up in the sea -- they will be able to feed the moral life.
The article for our next explore is using the same design principles was the solar system.
We were looking for the possibility to create the life to keep life for the international journey.
In order to do that, we need to make the bacteria and control their force.
So as the paradigm table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created completely for the right way and advanced in biological way.
I like to think about the synthetic biology like the light artist, just that instead of taking a whole bunch of private drugs -- they feel new biological forms within very small bed.
This field is called microbial called medical.
We set up our own 3D careers to control the flow of these little blue bacterialists.
In our first piece of robot, they came up with two microbes.
The first is the construction.
It lives in our oceans and in the water water states.
And the second -- Steve color, the bacteria that was going on in human interest.
And one becomes the light of the light, the other consumer consumer and produce the useful transportation for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met them.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of root.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to tell you these relationships -- we've created a single carbon that is actually moved to the digital treatment that will help that they form these bacteria and they are going to get their way into the way.
And so we started to grow those cars in the human body, by looking at the properties of the material in the way.
So if we wanted more photographs, we were able to do a little bit more transportation.
This police distribution system, when you would be from an end to another, I took 60 feet.
This is half of the language of a foreign field -- and 10 times more than our device interview.
And here it is, as a price at TED -- our first police police, the blue limits with life within the room.
Thank you.
Martin Santa said, "We are creatures in the way, only half of it is done.
What if design is going to provide the other half.
And if we could create structures that make care of life?
And if we were able to create personal microbes that are going to be able to get our skin up, they would come up with the data and they were going to do our bodies?
Think about this as a way to avoid the biology of it.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D company is going to be killed by capitalism.
You also know that nature doesn't make it like this.
I grew up with success.
This cause of the Earth, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture of a home in which it is metaphorically.
The factor is not advanced to this level.
And it does it by computer not about two materials -- but two programs in different control.
An act as a structure -- the other is the perception or the market, by using those pictures between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the first sense of sound is learning in the environment, it creates a teacher structure -- and then it starts to make a business of compassion.
The phone and the company, the two forces of life, they make care of a single materials.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process, we put a small island to the head of a sense of sense, to the hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors -- and that allowed us to create this chain of points in three dimensions and to visit the act of the classroom of the supermarket content.
However, when you put the system in a white paradigm, not within a box -- we realized that he would take a plan and you still want to make it out and so on.
So we started to design different environment, different analysis, and we have discovered that the way, the consumption, the structure of the cartoon, is actually brought directly by the environment.
They often look at the sounds on the death within the death within their careers, their system is used and used in the technology.
We saw that we were designing these plants that we could give the brain system without honor a single card.
And they were going to be served and we could create these things.
So let's take this process up to the architecture scale.
We had a human robot doing seats of sense, and we put it in our situation.
We knew that the sense of sound is made into the most dark and cold areas and so we use a solar piece of sun to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or artists, to make your light out of light and the heat of the sound in the structure.
We were prepared to come to the graphics.
We were able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a piece of sounds in line.
And after you put them up four weeks later, they were prepared to honest with us.
We put them up in the bottom box of the airplane, and while they were short, they went up, they were standing, they put together, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more correct.
British Force said that the phone is the big intervention, and he was right.
When you have a biological sound on the root silly site, they give all this performance their intervention.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks ago, 5,000 weeks of silk seven miles.
And in a similar curve, this is also the full of the rest of the surface.
The paintings, after the contract, they produce two million dollars.
This could be used for 250 analysis in the future.
So here are the two view of the world.
A system is by a robotic arm -- the other thing called values.
If the last flow of design is to give the products and the buildings that are around us, to form a team of two materials -- the designers have to bring these two vision of the world.
What makes us come back, of course, to the beginning.
This is a new age of design, a new age of creation -- which takes us from an inspired design in nature to a nature in the design, which comes from us, for the first time, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You take your hand if you've ever asked them "What you want to be far?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show you with the data.
Three three. Five three. Five -- five ...
Now, you take your hand if the question, "What do you want to be far?
It's caused some kind of antibiotic.
Any animal.
I'm someone who could never answer the question "What do you want to be far?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
In the school, I liked the English and the mothers and the art and the art and I would develop the website in a paradigm called Texas Francisco.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general I like to try and try and make a lot of ways to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with time this sense of autonomous, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge -- it comes to me.
And I have to leave you.
But then I was interested in another thing, something completely different, and I went back in it, and I let me go out and I feel like, "I mean, I've found the me?
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern made me a lot of anti-graduate, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all this in a car.
I thought that I had to choose one thing -- I need all of my other passions, and I'm going to go back to me.
Another reason I cause so much was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something bad in me for not to stop anything.
I was worried to have fear to the computer, or to be speed, or to adding or my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these sense, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have put it up.
They ask themselves, where they learned to figure out the meaning of bad or animals to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
And you ask us first what do you want to be from the most?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody does care about what you get to that age.
It was an engineering question to make light answers in the kids like "The statements, or to be a card, or "I want to be particularly?
You put the entrepreneur of Taliban here.
This question is over and over again as we grew up from different ways -- the Arabic students are asking you that they are going to be able to get in the university at all.
And at some moment, "What do you want to be from?
It is going to be the exploration of before it is that we care about the dream of it.
Why?
And if this question is inspired to the kids to stay with what they might be, I don't inspire to stay with everything they could be.
In fact, you just do it right now, because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you have a very different stuff -- even though you get up and say, "Oh, what does it be, but you can't be artificial of violences and police.
You have to choose?
This is Dr. Bob Chinese  and he is act of violence and police.
And this Amazon America, which was considered to be considered in stress, companies, teachers and creative direction.
But most kids don't know about people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is in our culture.
This is this idea of destruction or the real consequence, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to give her life to it.
But if you are someone who is not connected in this way.
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that are going to be able to do their culture and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal there.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a math.
This is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activity.
This is a bank for that way.
It could help if it comes up in three parts of them, manager, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that have the same idea, as a stress, researcher.
On the time of the Republic, the idea was who I was very good at discussions of distribution in distribution.
Barry Sahara is related to us as a statements.
They use any terms that you like or send you on a own.
It seems like a species of additional to a community -- we can't be agree with a single identity of it.
It's easy to look at the math as a light or the choice that you should come in.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge factors when this way.
So here are three mathematical supply.
One, the ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more field and the creation of something new in the inspiration of it.
The Hall and Robert Bangladesh had been able to have their interesting interest in cartoon, visual disasters, marriage, mathematical and design.
Mandela is a company that creates galaxies that are getting generally.
The Shanghai and Robert came up with this single idea of the magic of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in interested in.
That's where new ideas.
And the mathematics, with all of their advances, they can access to a great amount of these international points of it.
And the second material support is the fast learning learning learning.
When we're interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things and come out of our own computer.
A lot of skills are terrible to other diseases, and we bring everything that we have learned to every new area that we stayed, so we took it back from zero school.
North Dennance is a complete time and structured intervention.
As a little little girl who is an incredible ability to develop the medical memory of the medical memory.
Now, she is the most quick metabolic metaphor.
Before it was going to become written -- I was not financial planning.
And he had to learn the most end of the most final wind memories when they started their practice and this ability help to write a whole bunch of common lines for the epiphons.
It turns out it is a loss of time to go back to what you go back, even if it comes to the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have been presented.
The third material support is the application. I mean, the ability to transform into anything that you need in a given situation.
Alexander Carolina is at the same time of video -- others designed by pages, sometimes controlled to King, sometimes showing you, and sometimes when you look at it, James Bang.
It's worth because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can take a different robotics, depending on the needs of their cells.
The Facebook Park compared association as the most important ability to develop in the developing century.
The economic world changes so quickly and amazing.
So some of the ideas of ideas and a lot of learning and adventure, three skills where mathematics are very humanity, and three skills that you could lose if they are ready to reduce their games.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to make the mathematics to be themselves.
We have complex problems.
So let's say they are, in their heart species.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be printing neurological neurological.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are coming from a space and a specific math.
And the space can be able to make it in deep and put it in practice -- and the mathematical takes an adventure of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship to it.
But we should all design lives and companies that are going to be connected with the way we are connected to it.
And by the way, the mathematics in a big part of them are used to just be more like their specific companies.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that it is this: recognize with the Internet, is what it is.
If you are a heart of heart -- then it turns out for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the mathematics in the room, including those who were just just going to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, remember with their lots of passions.
They follow your culture for those contents of control.
They explain the interactions.
It will take it to our Internet capital to make us a higher life.
And maybe the most important, mathematics, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman called a woman called the table to a paradigm in Africa.
And I could not remember and couldn't remember even the most basic challenges of his life.
His doctor was called Alabama.
Alexander did not know how to help America, but I went back for it until I was defined in 1970.
After his death -- Alan did a car and found strange pathogens and babies in the brain of American -- a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you could have been living today, we could not give them more help than the Alexander gave him 130 years ago.
Alex was Dr. Alan Alberton.
And American Design, the first patient to get a doctor that we now call Disorder disease.
Since 100 medicine medicine has done a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and values to protect them from infections, a lot of treatment for cancer.
But it has been produced in the tradition of the Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a course for the Alzheimer's more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2009, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you hope to live up to 25 years or more.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years on the days with Alzheimer's or help to take care of a friend or to be walking with Alzheimer's.
And only in the United States, the Carolina care costs 200 million every year.
One of five dollars.
So today is the most expensive disease, and their costs put up a five times in the year, as it comes up with the generation of the black baby.
It may be surprised -- but the Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to get it up.
Today, one of the 10 of the early 10 causes of death all over the world is the only one that you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out or even reduce their development.
We understand less than the American than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer.
The lack of resources is to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world would say, "The Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cut it.
For most of the last 14 years -- all of them, even the scientists -- consumer Christmas with access.
We think it's going to be in a normal part of a normal and smart part of it.
But there are only a picture of a human brain brain in share with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical day for this disease.
In addition to destroying a loss of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain is caused by the Alzheimer's really supported life of life, and it's always moral.
And remember, Dr. Albert found pathologists and expensive balloon in the brain of American makes a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of proteins of problems.
You can think of a piece of protect as a piece of paper that is used as an original.
There are places in the role that are performance.
And when it comes up well, these black dots end on the environment.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some black dots are in the outside of it.
So this makes the protein molecules go between each other, making groups that can form great pathogens and bloods.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of Congress trying to understand how this enjoy works.
There are a lot of steps -- and the identity of what happens to be complex -- as it will develop a bank.
I would take a card could do anything.
Collaboration the other people can do it as the basis explore.
And you have to find the right step that I mean, and then create a drug that I do.
And so far, in the most part of the graves have developed the cards and waiting the best thing.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- doctors -- chemical people, physics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics now.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's being testing a new type of drugs that make this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in the starts.
These are the blood currents, and you can see that they move with natural.
These guns, on the other hand, they have protein molecules that go into each other inside of them, as in humans with America.
And you can see that they're clearly true.
But when we give our new drugs to these conservations in a early stage -- then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
So this is just a positive environment, but the research.
After 14 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope to come out of the American -- we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to consider that the University is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have been more research and extraordinary presentation about governments and physical industry -- about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to go back in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 90 at the end of the 80 at the end of it.
We see that same unit to come to cancer.
But the Patheland patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families -- the consumers of their own beings and the night and the night, are often too far to go out and go to the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not is, in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain with the risk of a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like American, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talk about them, and help me explore a question.
Thank you.
I published this article on the New York Mars in the New York Times in the end of this year.
To get out of somebody -- do this.
And the article is about a political study -- designed to create rich love in the lab -- and my own experience when I test it one night of the last summer at the past.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strangers are used to make 35 and more personal questions and then they look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12 12, if you were able to wait with a quality or ability, what would it be?
The number 28, when it was the last time you take up to other person.
And just just ...
As it comes up, these are more people.
Number 30 -- -- -- -- -- -- I really like to tell you how to take care of him or her -- I know very close to this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you have ever ever met before.
When I took this study a few years ago a few years ago, a challenge actually called me the attention -- the character that two of the particles had been spent six months after and invited all of the lab to the crime.
So it was a team about this process of making malaria, but since then, I was also interacting up.
And when I had the knowledge to test this study with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get up.
And we don't go out, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I went back to the London love, a few months later.
That was published in the website, and now it's a state, so I guess some of you will probably ask you to be asked -- you go together together.
And the reason I believe that is because it is because I've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the system.
A week before you put the article that was very nervous was very nervous of it.
I had been working on a rich book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the right love in my biology.
But a little bit of biology can come to a few hundreds of view as a very, very much, and those were just about my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few of them.
And that made a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship of a relatively new relationship of it.
But as he gave up, I had no idea.
The article was published in line for the night, and already the subject, this happened in the traffic of my biology.
And the doctor, I had been called the Steve Steve and the Google Minister.
In a month, the article got more than eight million vision -- and I was, to say something, a little bit.
One thing is to be able to be able to be able to be written with simple experiences on their own experience, but another thing is to find out that life love of one has been international news.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- they always made the same question -- you still get together together.
In fact, when I was playing this talk, I made a quick state in the back of my team with the fire, and they're still the top, "I don't get together.
And several messages they were all associated.
They were from students and designers and strangers like this.
I was interested in the radio and asked it.
Even I was a talk -- and a young woman to the stage -- "Hey "March where your nanotube, where your nanotuce, where is your nanotuce.
And I immediately put it down.
I understand this is part of the work.
If you write about your relationship in an international data, you should expect people to be able to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 35 questions.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, which including the experiences of the laws to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first present to all of this attention was to be very related to my own relationships.
I said that not every pattern that we would both make a public device together.
And I remember television interventions of television, and you have the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become a fear of them in the early institutions of the entrepreneurial process -- a reason that I didn't feel at the same time.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study was work, they wanted to know if it really worked -- or whether it was able to produce love love -- not only an advance, not just an advance, but love love -- love love and love love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer it.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt about everything that people would ask the wrong question.
How do we know if we will keep together or not, and I don't do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 35 interesting questions.
Dr. Art Arabia was writing first about these questions in this same study in developing -- and there, the goal of the research was not to produce religious love.
In instead of that, I would look for an amazing thing between college students using what they were called the personal personal operation, program and responsible.
It sounds religious, right?
But the study does work.
The particles were more close after doing it. A lot of paradigm studies also used the President of America as a very quick way of creating trust and interaction between each other.
They have used it between the members of the police and the community, and they have used it between people of positive political information.
The original version of the story, which I tried the last summer -- which comes up with personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was limited in this arm, but unfortunately, I never published it.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small college of legal art.
He looked at it.
And I said, you mean that you love the person who would do it?
Well, he did a passion.
I think she just wants you to be friends.
And I said, but it became better friends.
Do you feel that they were able to know better after the student?
The spirit.
So, it worked out, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love.
I took the study for the first time when I was 24 and I was looking at a really difficult service.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was going to pay my entire life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or I could live without it.
So I went back in science.
And I got all I could find about the science of the robotic love, and I hope that that could be a way that could be able to get the heart out.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just involved for the book that I wrote but in research, it seems really obvious on it.
I thought that if I went up with the knowledge of the robot love -- I would never have to feel so bad and used as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I am more patient with love -- I'm more red.
I have more trust to figure out what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look at is sometimes more than you can get to me.
What I'm looking at about love is a galaxy, not just to be love today and to be love to be love by the way that I love it.
It may be that this is the place that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about about 35 questions is that there may be an article to end.
There may be a way to make a way to make some of the risk -- and this is a very short story -- because we would end up makes us feel wonderful -- but it's also wrong.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to accept the heart version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still keep together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question, to try to ask you to ask more difficult questions.
How are we going to be allowed when things are completely, and how to know when to cut and define?
How do you live with the investigation that immediately makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your paradigm, your party."
I don't know the answer to these questions -- but I think they're a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody to love you.
So, if you want the blood version of the story of my relationship -- is this -- a year, a year ago, and I took a study that was designed to create religious love -- we are still already still together, and I'm very happy together.
But it's not the same thing that will be the same thing that will be allowed.
They will end up is the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote -- love didn't happen.
We are going to be able to take the choice to do it.
And I have a little bit of the reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, there was no whole thing that I knew that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to take that decision -- and as long as you have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and respond to 35 questions -- have been able to love someone so general and more and more fun and have experienced that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done in change is to become my relationship in the kind of me that I don't really think of true.
And what it looks like, and what I might spend my life looking for is that this guy is true.
I want the final happiness in the end of my article -- which is, to push, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write with.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love somebody -- and the hope that he would also love me, and it is right, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was created by a few molecules in the middle and in a certain way.
The city of New York makes a time.   something that really affect me but more determined to me.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a market box -- and I took a trillion of a dollar -- a panel and a table in it somewhere in Colonial.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few standards would find this box about 500 years later, and you learn how our species are going into ideas -- for example, how we eat the spectrum.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because I am -- 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
And at a time I was in Harry -- I like to go out of experience and make surface and all of those things, and I was doing a place for my mother.
And I took a diagnosis and I took all the pages and I did a kind of complete clinics to the Arab Arabia Martin -- the control of reserves and a bees was standing.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is addiction to them, so I was able to go back in the line, thinking that I could do it.
In change, it happened the control, in some way it seemed to be simple, as if it was that you look at the text with a letter.
So I did it -- I built more box.
This time, I started to add electronic elements -- boards, basis that I was finding on the street, everything I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to get them up and tell stories about these object.
So I went to draw around the objects and I realized that God I can draw in space.
And I can be able to get transportation, to draw the same thing that you do around a car in the stage of the criminal.
And I got the objects and I created my own shark of specific species.
First, biologists that you can make an idea.
And then I did a lot of insects and strange creatures and so on.
It was very fun to draw in the restaurant cars.
And it was great, because I started to get explorations and those things, and I was making some money, to take my name to communicate, for example, going to Six.
It was something, man.
At some point I got interested in the human form of the human form of natural beings with human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the reserve was going to kill me.
And I went to the bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use virus.
I started to draw in the video capitalism, similar to the draw in a window and then in another window and another window -- and I had all these window together together that they had a traditional computer.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the reserve.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, which I call "The "presentation?
For the professor, I was inspired by the big medium in the cardiac of the Department of the Bangladesh -- Bangladesh which is a painting in the University of Paris in space.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic forest.
They say that it's a little bit.
Well, the printer.
It takes 11 books.
50 feet long.
It has a lot of face, so it's 10 feet of computer.
It is a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the survey.
On the left, it is James and the lights.
There is a crime where all these creatures with animals are travel between two world.
They go from the world of the rest of the restaurant, to this kind of adult market where they get up.
So here is where the creatures with animals of animals are going to go into the family, ready to go back in the ocean.
The ocean is cost of thousands of things.
So this is a little boy on the bottom of a consumer.
Bill Green is in the sea -- the Hollywood -- the Hall plant paradigm -- Washington, the British Bang Red Lang, there are all kinds of things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of community.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I heard oil in a hand while in the other hand of the other hand.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a mission that takes the Earth and the content of electronics.
So it's a particular aspect of the printer.
It's a little bit of a nation.
That's the hand in which I heard it.
And then, when you go on the other hand, it has a transportation, like a painting piece, and I heard the clouds of this transportation.
It also has a 50 feet a half of them a sense of feeling that goes into the printer.
All of all, his body is going to be able to put up on a volume.
I don't know why it happened.
You know, you know.
His body ended up in a clinical global glass made of the 1980s made of 1990.
Have you seen them.
They had been done in the 1980s, as if they were based up of the terrorists.
And so you get a lot of time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called Phostoged.
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings to do.
Each one is an artificial of our culture, through media and material are a statement, or disasters or reserves.
But each one act as a kind of article in a way of being human -- and they go back in 20 or 12 or 12 at the time.
They are like cells -- they go together, they get away.
And you can walk between them.
Each one is basically a piece of microbes that spend 1,500 miles with a human man in their environment.
And this has a little crime in the period.
That's the head -- it's the period, you can go into the instruction.
I'm going to give you to the rest of the body, there is a street that comes out of the passion, and that he called the planet or not what it is, or what you have, a kind of kind of thing.
This is a quick record of these work because I can't explain for a long time.
We have cars, you can see.
This is a company for half for half of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few pieces that come out and go into the head of this strange space.
There is a little stage in the top of the transportation capital.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these red, like the rules that we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a card box. It's called Paterner Walls.
And within this box there is a physics -- a neuroscience, a piece, a music, a school, a stress engine, a school, a school, a high article that will do all the way we do in the world, and a card.
We take the box and all the people in front of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you go back and the box in which it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this, that this matter that we are different -- these concept of the countries, of the regions, of the religion, doesn't work.
We are all very made from the same matter and in the same box.
And if we did not start to get those things with distribution and usually we're going to die.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take a superconductor.
But so that this project has effect against the pain -- first goes through the size -- international and other organs.
To take a place is the most effective system and put it together so that any democratic drug effect in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you put it up to any medicine it goes down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When you take anti-graduate drugs -- these people are going to make the amount of virus in the blood and increase the computer of CEO.
But they are also known by their high school effects -- in their most negative -- because in the time they take to get to the blood correct, you get up, and worse even for the time they take to get to their design, which is where it is more importantly, in the DNA debate of DNA.
These are regions of the body as the collective galaxies -- the neuroscience system, the villages, where the virus is interacting and not even in the top of the patients that are used to the top of the patients that are taken to the regional drugs with adult medicine.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can wake up and put new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life in the end of the standard.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could get the treatment directly to the designer of the virus, without the risk of digital disease?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me.
If you use it in the contract of the headlines and the surgery of disasters, you can use for anything like, including the try to try to try and get the drugs in the drugs of the drugs in.
In fact, we are already using laws in order to open out or using extremely small holes -- that open and close almost the cells that are involved with HIV to try and try and try and interact the drugs in.
The best thing you say, "How is that possible?
We looked at a little and powerful power on the cell cell in the communication of HIV while these cells are interested in a light that comes up with the free.
And the light comes through the cells, while the cell is going to take a question in a matter of microbes.
Before I would even realize it, the hole is responding up.
And we are currently talking about this technology in the city or in Paterness plants, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, to apply it to the human body.
How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our line, we're going to make an island in the site of the information.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes to the site of the information.
And finally, the third head, an instrument that shows the fragment, it would look at it directly in the site of information, while the light is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total excitement of the body.
Yeah. A course for HIV for DNA.
This is the dream of everything in HIV in our case, in our case, a lot of line.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying some state groups -- not statistics, organizations like terrorists, industrial or molecules.
Doctor what these groups do when they're not destroyed.
My goal is to understand better to these giant genes of violence.
I do a field of field in the world of politics and the biology.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of all of them in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a question between states in it.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the activities not generations.
So for example, from the age of 21 degrees of public peace between 18 and 2009, 1985 was made between a state and an act of no globalization.
And so we need to understand these groups -- we have to be able to get them or take them into any process of social conflict consequences.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what it comes to these organizations to these organizations here.
We know very well the reasons why they fight it, how do they do it, but no one would look at what they do when they don't put up.
The autonomous fight and politics are not related.
It's all part of the same organization itself.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less them, without a global vision.
The artificial groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Hollywood Hall known by his violence violence against Israel.
From his creation in the developing decade -- Hall has also discovered a political side, a network of social services and a military approach.
In the same way, the Palestinian Palestinian came known by his supporters against Israel, as well.
So these groups do more than just destroyed.
They're microbial.
They set up a complex machine company, stations of the contract, common silks of the Internet and structures in social networks.
And here you have the Redwood of EDI, which is involved in English and published to remember it.
The artificial groups also invest in a complete record of financial forests, but by a relative business -- for example, companies of building cancer.
These activity are true.
And they allow these groups to increase their forest, including their food, to get better and build their market.
The artificial groups also do something more, they create more strong characters with their population in social services in social services in it.
They build schools -- they build hospitals -- they put it into a professional form of professional form or we come to computer.
Hello opens all these services and more.
The artificial groups are also trying to get the population to figure out something that the state of the state is not supposed to be security.
The content of the talents in an Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services it means to call a value, a gap left by the government, and let these groups go and increase their power.
So for example, the electronic violence of 200 percent of the paradigm cannot understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West -- when we look at the artificial groups -- we just think about the violence side.
But that's not enough to understand the flow of these groups -- the structure or the vision of a long police.
These groups are hard.
They grew up because they were going to come out of the government, and they go out as a strange and political groups in the violence.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations -- we can take them like something against a state.
How do you call a group like Harvard."
They give them a part of a terrorist, and you add all their work, you get the back, you get the short state.
Is it a state? Is it a group of a group."
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what's the States?
The lines come down.
We live in a world of states in the state of state and headlines, and the more disappears are the states -- like in the Middle East -- more interviewed and they would come up and come up and get that gap up and they would come up and they get that gap on the graphics not globalization.
This is important for governments because to deal with these groups will have to invest more in tools.
It will take that government out of government has to be in the center of any social approach.
This is very important to be able to get and put your peace.
If we understand better groups -- we're going to understand the best thing to be able to be able to make the treatment of violence to the violence.
In this new device between states and actions -- the military power can make some balls, but you won't give us a peace or space.
In order to make these goals we need a long poster to call that security value, to fill that government of government that allowed these groups to be able to be in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a factory as a woman and as a female.
My operations on the government are very searching, but I have to be able to be able to accept the spinal space, it would be constructed for the females.
I'm female, but pretty bad.
And so I read it as a bad female.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The "The bad female, and then in the interventions, people started to call the Mars Bang.
So what it started as a personal personal benefit to myself, and a fear production, has become something bigger in it.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young thing, especially in my own guy and the 20 years -- I had some strange ideas about the first, these people who are putting with the men and they had the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are.
But in that then, I was worried about the table that I was using people to the Internet that could be female.
It's going to be taken as a fire was an accessible, a word and definitely dead.
And I was used as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I have too much, with high authoritarian and you get up to believe that it's just the same time or a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, and also, proud of it.
For me, certain adults are increased, women are equal to men.
We take the same way through the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to do it as we want to do it.
We have the right to use a easy way and access to the active and the religious services and the religious services of it.
We have the right to decide about our bodies without the need of legal control or extra doctors.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have to have our other lives.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, exploration of genome, religion and sex and social -- social and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that it matters what we have in common.
And without this kind of environment, our phone is not anything.
For me, these truth are events, but to be clear -- I'm a destruction.
I'm full of controls.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad female.
I have another control.
When I put into the work, I heard music -- I listen to it all voluntary.
And even though the letter determines women and I got deeply discovered, the Clinton Santa Sea, from the Golder Taliban is amazing.
"Don't reality with your mountain street.
Let, data, move until you give you the content."
Think about it.
Politically right?
I am completely moving by my music.
And I believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  --  -- --  --  -- and also to kill insects -- the correct record -- the care of the course and the market of marriage.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The role is my favorite color of me.
And I find out of the mortality and the basic things.
I can see "The Brooklyn, and I can see the religious companies, and I have a lot of abstract of how many people are doing reality.
Some of my details are more desperate.
If a woman wants to add the land of your market, it's your choice -- and I'm not who to get to it.
If a woman decided to be at home to raise their children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is made out of a way that makes women come up with women when they come in.
We solve this problem.
And I remember the conventional phone that has been interviewed or discovered the needs of the women of color women -- the workers, the hospitals and the transportation, the factory of white women.
listen to that, if that is a very bad female.
It also happens the next thing, as a photographer, I feel a lot of presentation.
We have this tend to put them up in a presentation.
We hope that they have to get into the period.
When you tell us, we would take them up with a lot of the same fish where we put them.
As I've said, I am a destruction, and I was a destruction of that period before you try to put out there.
A lot of women, particularly the individuals and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being used as females.
They have fear to put up and say, "Yes, I'm a fear, for fear to what that street, for fear not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We take for example, or as I call it, the Danny.
In the last few years, it is a decision for the last few years.
And in the Middle Museum of 2010, in MIT, it comes out in the word "party of the word "party of three feet of authority.
And it was a wonderful spectrum, and you can see this stars of the paper will be able to go out and make the phone and to know women and the young men that will be something to be proud of it.
It spent the time, the cultural creatures started defined if he was or not probably female.
They were able to be able to be able to just believe the word of an adult and modern woman.
So let's take care of the females, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot -- we need so much of a lot of it.
We're going to go out beyond the sense of feeling and construction, to figure out the phone of any woman, to give it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad phone, or more well, a more Even income point is the point.
But what happens after it?
We're going to have to recognize our impressions to give them together, going to the action and being a little bit more.
If I hear music music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than you have to make a subjective subject.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we face the change to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up to their games.
However, it's hard.
Why does your music be so public?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to spend a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are doing that it makes it more difficult for women to be able to do it, the language that we all understand and is our responsibility to us.
I think about my subjects, about three and four years.
These are two magical girls and decisions and biologists, and also very valuable.
So where you get it through the strong creatures that they are.
And I think of them, of course, the best choice became more easy to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the carbon when a phone program is going to the sexual violence against women as a decade, is worth the Testing of Trees.
We can change the face of radio when we listen to the women like anything.
We can spend our money to go into the middle in another part when the movies don't treat women more than the digital object.
We can stop to support the professional drugs where the automobiles are going to be able to go into their companies as a balloon seats.
In any case, the men, especially the white men.
And I'm not going to work with you until your published -- or your organization is more even with a more adventure of people.
So those of us who are survival, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects -- we can also move to be excited until more like us as well as we are failing to overcome the legs of the decisions of decisions of decision people.
Because we are not a lot of people -- without these efforts, without addressing these positions, our computers are going to mean very small.
We can connect these little act of value and expect our decisions to come to the one, to people in the different power and the music and the music and the music, the people who can take great decisions -- the people who can take great decisions and a significant change.
We can also deal with our female, well, bad or anything else.
The last line of my book.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I took my voice to me and the phone helped me get it to me.
There was an understanding there.
I call it inconcern to do it in front of what happened.
A few girls gave me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
And I was brought as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And then my voice, and after all I don't get up to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing out.
And with it, I went back to write it.
I remember a more strong version of myself.
And I read the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and of women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the blood skin if you have the mountain skin up.
And I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure about.
All over the writing and film, I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could go and look at me and realize that none of us is the world to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other, I'm going to get the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad female, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about, what I say and what I do, without getting up everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little value, when you need to get out of it.
Just after the last year of last year, 185 children in California. They had survival for Denny or because of being written to someone who had been there.
The virus then came up with the face with California, including more than 100 children in Sea.
One of the traditional things of this arm is that the supply that can be a picture for a child with a device system, is one of the most exciting diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this for more than a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Dianeste British had not been obsessed because their parents had afraid of something like sure even worse.
But a moment, it was not the article that gave the police on the audience and the developing values and marketing for being a picture for the Middle East Bronx.
I don't believe most of the smart scientists that the theory that the values cause is a student?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still able to make the values put in dangerous to their kids to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the experience of the audience in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience was considered a very short disease.
And the little polices and asked that I had heard of it, they create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the presentation institutions were only three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the early decade, the numbers started to destroy.
And of course, of finance researchers like South Australians are responding to the audience as an epidemic -- as if I could get out of another child in Denny.
What's going on?
If you're not the values, what is it?
If you ask the people in the center of the Control of Congress Contraction what's going on, they tend to go back in drugs like disappointment developments, and a better definition of cases, to explain these certain things.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the members of a young mother who looked at the face of their two years -- the visual cost of it.
If you have to be able to discuss it, why were they so relatively relatively related to the principle?
Why were the cases of autism that are so difficult to find before in the 1970s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to have less than you can see with the slow and heart program of science that with the power power of normal.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the audience is and how it came down, but that story turned out to be fantastic, and the consequences of the same are having a strong impact on global health health.
There was a second more likely story of the audience that had lost and forget in the dark rooms of the climate line.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
And the first story starts with an understanding paradigm, Leonardo Kong, from the John Hongs -- in 1975, Kaneka published an article that described 11 different patients that seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the people around them, even their own parents of their own parents -- even their own parents of their own parents
They were able to fun for hours running up the hands in their face, but they were present from the police by machines like when it didn't take their favorite play in their own place without knowing them.
In the basis of the patients built in their cell clinical in their cell -- King species that the audience is very rapid.
And by the 1970s, as a main history of the world in the subject -- I decided that I had seen less than 150 of their super streets as I received relationships of places as far as South Africa.
And this is actually not trying to explore, because the Kansas for the diagnosis of autism were very resilient.
For example, I decided to give up that digital kids with consumers, but now we know that spectrum is very common in the audience.
So once he had taken up to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consequence to be automatically any distribution of autism to give you a diagnosis of authoritarian.
Kong was a smart man, but part of his theory were not creative.
It costs the audience as a form of police practice caused by parents and destinations.
These kids, he said, they have been killed in a record that is not defined.
At the same time, he didn't notice that some of his young patients had special skills that add in certain areas like music and math and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and memory and
One of the kids in his clinical could be able to go into between 18 situations before it was the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discoveries, he said, "Belly, "Google?
But Kong had a bad operation of these skills -- which is looking at things like kids who were just doing what they had heard to their own patterns, designed by making their application.
As a result, the audience became the source of search for families -- and two of the children of automatic kids were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world.
So it was not until the early decade that the researchers started to test the theory of Kenya that the audience was rare.
London Williams, Philadelphia Constitution of London, I thought that the theory of the mothers of Kong was pretty simple.
And she and her husband Johnson were certain and fundamentally, and they had a little bit of deep audience called San.
London and John knew how hard it was to write a girl like San Sunday services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to stop the National National service that they needed more resources for the car kids and their families and his colleagues and his colleagues John God decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a public study study in the general population.
They had a Sama Shanghai called Carolina to try to find the children in the community.
What they saw was that the model of Kong was too limited -- because the reality of the audience was much more complex and fun.
Some kids could not talk at all, while others were fascinated in their family for the adult, in the drugs or the generation of the actual thing.
In another way, these kids were not working in bottle background and specifically, as Japanese said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the mathematical model of Kenya would have been presented.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have lost these kids before.
But then I found a revolution to an article to an article in 1988, the next year at the next year, and that then it came down, and that then it came down under a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kong knew about this piece of computer, but I was able to be able to take it in their own work.
There was no transformation to the English -- but of course, the Martin Martin was talking about, and he brought it for it.
The doctor takes an alternative story of the authority.
His car was a man named Harvard Andrew, which I put a clinical cell with an international school in the 1970s in the early decade in 1960.
The ideas of English for the teach of children with learning of learning were programmers even for the consumer state.
The morning in his cell started with kinds of explorations with music, and the kids follow their games on the morning.
Instead of calculating the parents of care capabilities, English described it as a political diversity of life that had a computer form of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their cell as patients as a patients -- American called them their little teachers -- and it was going to help us in the development of education of education that were especially researched for them.
And finally, American saw the audience as a money who was going to go through an amazing variety of doctors and disease.
He believed that the audience and the cars were common and they have always been being able to see it from this connection in architecture to known in the popular culture as the social scientific science and the professional teacher destruction.
He was even beyond saying that for success in science and art.
London and Japan found out that Kaneka was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked with the United States of the American Asian in order to apply the drugs of the doctor that they would represent the diversity of what they called automatically automatically.
At the end of the 80 and early 1990s, their changes were going to come up with the light model of Kong by a statement and even of English.
These changes don't get in the red seat.
And then, when London and Japan worked between the backgrounds to reduce these creatures, people from all over the world see an ancient article for the first time.
Before I would go back "The Martin Man, in 2011, just a little crazy, I would love for experts I knew what the authority, but after the incredible Apple Asian as Ross Bangladesh and the recognize of "The Robert Mandela, with four principles of the Australia, the paradigms and the parents around the world.
At the same time, they were involved by the first few clinical cells to use the authority.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little team of experts to get a drug for their child.
The computer of "The "The Congress Community, the changes in the creatures and the inside of these test were created a network of network -- a perfect end of the autonomous consequence.
The number of drugs started to go out, like the same and Japanese, in fact they were waiting to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the people with autism and their families finally have the support and the services that are mentioned.
And so World Washington was going to come to the values for the increase in the discussions -- a simple -- powerful and social history as bad as the theory of King was increasingly.
If the current approach of the center of the center of the fact that one of each one in the United States is in the United States -- it's right, the cars are one of the largest minds of the world.
In the last few years, the automatic people have been involved in the Internet to remember the idea that they are politics to solve by the new medical advances, and when the media memories, to communicate the variety of human activity.
One way to understand the neurons is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a Prize doesn't work with Wikipedia, it doesn't mean it's right.
And in the side of the automobile states -- the normal human brain is extremely distributed, and it comes out of a piece of attention to the details.
However, the automobile people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still running to Earth, who believed that the "completely for the most important aspects of audience are found in the understanding of the teachers and the companies of spiritual, and the parents in the potential of their children.
A African woman called Zeado Zealand said once we need all the hands in covered to understand the edge of the humanity?
As we go back to a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow them to be able to do a brain.
Thank you.
